Did you know that the University of Iowa's locker room is painted pink? I wonder why?
I think I did hear something about that.  I imagine it is an attempt to psych the other team out.
So, it would be in the visiting team's locker room but not their own?
Right.  Teams do all kinds of things to bother the competition. I've heard of teams having heated benches in the winter for themselves but not for the visitors.
I would hate a cold bench. Then again, I wouldn't want to be some place that cold or watching football.
I'd rather watch it inside where it's warm.  Have you heard about the Georgia Tech-Cumberland game of 1916?
No, what happened in that game?
Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland but here's the thing, they defeated them by a score of 222-0!
That is insane. How could that even happen?
I don't know but it did.  It's the highest scoring game in history.
I'm sure. I don't even watch much and I couldn't imagine that score. I wonder if most people left or were they curious to see how high it would go?
I guess it depended on what team you were pulling for.  To me, it's surprising that the highest scoring game was in college football and not professional.
Maybe it is because some are not as good in college so they may be playing against someone not on their level.
Good point.  Professional does have a player that has never fumbled the ball.
I've heard that. Wasn't it a Patriot player?
It was. It was a running back by the name of Benjarvus Green Ellis.
That is an interesting name. It's like he has a lot of names.
i guess so.  Do you watch espn?
No. I don't have regular cable. I use a ROKU and I think you would have to pay extra for ESPN. I didn't watch it when I did have cable though.
Oh, I was going to tell you about them winning an emmy but that's okay.  Well, do you watch or have you watched pokemon?
No, I haven't watch pokemon. My sons use to play with the when they were little. Now they use their phones looking for pokemon in the neighborhood. It is funny.
That is funny.  Pokemon is pretty popular and has been for a while now  They have over 750 tv episodes alone.  Well, I have to go now.  It's been nice chatting with you!  Have a great day!
What do you think about Keith Jacksons death?
It's sad. I wonder how many people grew up hearing his voice?
I imagine this number in the millions taking into account he had a 54 year broadcasting carreer, so sad, but he was old.
I like that he used this phrase alot Whoa, Nellie!
That was a good phrase I liked it as well, did you see the beer comercial, the one in which he used this phrase?
I didn't. I did see the ABC would not let him retire at 70!
Yeah I think he ended his carreer in 2006, he got lured and decided to stay, he had a great voice.
He was also a marine. Looks like he had been calling games since he was young. 
Wow this guy sure is full with suprises, he didnt only call football games but also pro basketball games as well as other sports.
Crazy busy it seems. He didn't say anything when Woody Hayes punched a clemson player either!
Yeah I heard he was criticized because of this, wonder why he did that, maybe he had it coming. 
I don't think he saw the punch. He also won an Emmy!
Do you happen to know why he won the emmy?
apparently for the work he did calling the games. He was inducted into the sportscasters hall of fame too.
Yeah I can see why, the guy has a big resume its sad that his wife and children are left behind, as well as three grandchildren, they must be crying a lot.
probably so. Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team.
Thats nice from Snoop Dogg, can you tell me more about that song?
no, it doesn't say anything more about it. Sorry. I can tell you this though. The highest paid across all u.s. department of defense employees are three football coaches of the service branch teams
Oh I see I will have to google it then, and they must have a good salary then, the inventor of basketball was a bad coach.
14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams! I guess it is a pretty popular sport.
It is! I love it, well I love all sports, and theres also a basketball court on the US supreme court building.
Do you watch or keep up on much basketball?It's definitely a team sport I didn't play much of 
I watch it from time to time as I enjoy it. do you have a favorite player?
I haven't really had a favorite since Michael Jordan. The guy who invented the sport was a coach at the University of Kansas, and the only losing one at that
Go figure. do you know who kareem abdul-jabaar was?
I heard he was good at dunking. It was banned from college basketball for over ten years from how frequently he used it
yeah so strange. do you know what the nz basketball team is called?
Do they have an official name, or are you referencing the nickname Tall Blacks?
Yeah I am not too sure but that is certainly what they are called
Apparently the Supreme Court enjoys a game of basketball too. On the top floor of the building they shoot hoops at what has been called "the highest court in the land."
Good for them, how handy to play there at work. 
Many of my friends growing up were big basketball and footballs fans. The highest paid state employee in 39 of the 50 states coaches one of those two states at the college level
I guess it pays to be a coach then. the players themselves also get paid quite a bit too. do you listen to the radio much?
I don't, actually, but I use other things that utilize radio waves. It's pretty crazy how the sound can be extracted and transformed over miles
Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms
Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law
Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?
From what I remember, all it would take is a pencil and razorblade, though I'm not sure how it would make sound
I do not even know what channels they would be able to listen to
If they were in Europe, it would be interesting if they could pick up Finnish stations. One of them has a new program in classical Latin
The one that gives the news in latin right?
Yes. That would be an interesting program. I wonder if episodes are available online like classic radio dramas are
Hi are you a football fan?
Hi, no not really.  Are you?
I watch it during the season because I don't have anything better to do.  Especially for the Monday and Thursday night games.
I get that, especially when there is only 11 minutes of action in a game.  I guess the rest is commercials?
Isn't that crazy that it's such a short amount of time for something they drag out of 3 hours?
I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.  
ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv.  That has been a good addition to watching games.
Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled.  Amazing!
That's an incredible stat to have!  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL or MLB player.  Probably due to having longer careers.
Yeah, that's what I would think.  NFL careers are probably pretty short on average due to injury, and it is really hard to get to the majors and stick there long enough to make any serious money
Yes.  Did you know that there is no written rule that prevents females from playing in the NFL?  Maybe we'll see on soon?
Maybe we will!  That would help boost ratings, I would think.  Maybe then they'll start letting the Saint's cheerleaders eat in the same restaurants as the players.  What a stupid rule!
That is an odd rule for sure!  Kind of dumb.
Do you a cat?  They are amazing creatures.  One is a mayor in Alaska!
I have one outside.  Yes they are.  I would like to see the cat cafes they have in Japan.  Do you know how those work?
Yes!  They can pay by the hour to play with cats and have drinks. Seems like a cool place!
I agree!  When a cat reaches the age of 15 they have usually spent 10 of those years sleeping!
That's a life well lived lol.  Cats can also co-author physics papers!
What?  That is crazy!  lol  There is a cat named Stubbs who is the mayor of a town called Talkeetna in Alaska!  How does that work?  lol
I wonder who that cat ran against?  It would've been funny if the other candidate was a dog!
Hahah Yes it would be!  I've had a good time chatting with you!
Me too.  Have a great day!
Hi, how are you?
well thanks! Do you know anything about keith jackson?
I do, I love college football and can hear him say "Whoa Nelly!". What about you, are you familiar with him?
Me as well. Im a huge Michigan fan so he is really memorable with his "Hello Heisman" call
Nice. I feel like he was on a lot of Michigan calls, wasn't he?
Yeah we was. When he retired in 1998, the Michigan marching band spelled out, "THANKS KEITH.
That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?
I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan
Who is your favorite player of all time?
Charles Woodson. Keith Jackson was also announcing that game when he cemented his Heisman against Ohio St
Nice. I liked Woodson. I went to Illinois so I do not have as much to cheer for as you do. I do remember getting stomped by michigan many times and then hitting the bars after...
Rough haha. Keith Jackson was park of a lot of memorable games! Including when Woody Hayes punched a player
I can't believe he was criticized for that call. He went back and clarified on the call.
I know right! At least he was still able to an Emmy and be inducted into two sportscasting halls of fame
Yeah, there are a few iconic voices and he is one, along with Musberger, Costas, and Al Michaels.
All great voices. Would be good for radio as well as tv
Yeah. When reading, I did not know he did so many sports. That's a ton of calls.
I know! Even the Olympics
He went to Russia to call rowing during the cold war too. That takes guts.
Oh wow I did not know that! Thats some Rocky 4 stuff
Nice chatting with you! Have a great day!
Have you heard of Keith Jackson?
Yes, he is the voice of college football right?  Do you know what broadcast he was on?
He did Saturday afternoon broadcasts on ABC. Seemed he had a long fulfilling life. He was 89.
I do recall him covering a wide variety of sports for radio and television.  Do you recall what he would call the linemen guards?
He had a lot of funny terminology. Like a "bantam rooster" and "Whoa Nellie!"
He was a very funny and interesting man.  Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink.  I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.  
Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer
Do you watch a lot of football?
Not really. How about you? I know that football has really grown in popularity. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as football stars.
Yes.  I am a big fan.  I love researching about the history of football.  I just read the other day that in 1916, the highest score ever in a football game was 222 to 0.  Georgia Tech vs. Cumberland.  We don't see such a high number like this.  
Wow! Probably would not have been the case if Benjarvus Green Ellis was on their team. He has never fumbled the ball.
That's right.  Green Ellis is a rare player for sure just like Kareem Abdul.  His dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade!
That's funny! I'd love to watch play basketball in the us surpeme court building-it's called "the highest court in the land"
Really?  What teams usually play there?
I think it's just for the employees at the building. Wonder if any judges play. Hmmm....
Do you know who the inventor of basketball is?

I think that's James Naismith and he is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history.
Well its better to be known for that than the name of the New Zealand basketball team.
Are there any famous college football or basketball coaches? In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is iether a college football or basketball coach
I don't know them by name but I am sure there are.  It was nice talking to you.  
Nice talking to you.
Hi, how are you?
I am well thanks. How deep do you think NCAA basketball violations go?
Not well but I also think the NCAA is so weak now that the findings of any major sanctions will be difficult and take a long time to investigate. What about you?
I think there is a lot behind the scenes that we dont see. SOme coaches have come out and admitted to it. Arizona Coach Sean Miller discussed a $100,000 bribe to land star recruit Deandre Ayton
I know the Ayton allegations were dismissed by him but the advent of sneaker companies acting as intermeidaries has complicted the investigation.
I did not know that. I feel bad for these kids. They sre being used to make a lot of money. And I dont feel are fairly compensated even with a scholarship
I agree. I think they should let the kids forgo their scholarship and make money instead. Can you imagine how much money some of these kids could make? And if it were'nt for the FBI, this Arizona/Sean Miller/Ayton scandal would not have been know. It's ridiculous.
And the NCAA keeps saying they can control everything but its impossible. A 18 year old kid gets offered money. Who says no?
Right? I would ask for even more. I have no idea how I would have walked away and say no to that offer. What about you?
It would be really hard to say no. 
Yeah. I wonder how successful teams like Duke can be at that high level and not break rules...
And its crazy to think 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach. These kids helped get you money. And not all of them will make it pro
I know. I wish there was more they could get...
Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges
Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.
Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line 
I did not. I was also shocked to find out the university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
Its crazy that in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. Look where the money is now
Or that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0. Don't you have to pull the qb when you're down 60?
I wonder how long that game lasted. Even without commercials interrupting 
HA That' would have lasted for ever... Like listening to nuntii latini - a weekly news programme conducted entirely in classical latin
There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
Do you like cats?
Yeah, cats are cool. Do you own one? 
No,but many of my friends do have one or more, they sleep a lot
Apparently, after living for 15 years, 10 of it is from sleeping. 
That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?
I think that is in Alaska, right? 
Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997
Wow, I wonder if he has to make a lot of executive decisions? 
I guess he is a very honest major. I would like to go to a cafe where one can play with cats!
yeah, me too. They had a cat in the opening scene of the godfather. 
Did you know a cat was once named co-author of a book?
Yeah, but a physicist right? I wonder why though? 
That is right! Hey do you like football?
I do. I watched the superbowl a few weeks ago, kind of boring for the big game. 
Season is over!! when the season starts they only rest one weekend!
Yeah, well apparently Iowa paints their locker room pink for visiting teams. 
That is so funny, they want to intimidate the visitors, right?
Yeah, it sounds like it. I'm surprised it is allowed, aren't you? 
They allow many things, did you know the NFL would allow a woman to play, there is no rule against
Wow, no I didn't know that. Have there been any female players? 
I do not think so. Well it has been nice chatting with you! Take care
Radio is such a fascinating technology. 
Good Morning, yes radio is great. I was a DJ on the radio!
That is so cool! I always thought that would be a very stressful job since you are always live on the air. 
It could be at times, I remember when I was at the Ohio School for Radio back in the 80's. I had to do the earliest show, and it was one thing waking up so early to do a 6am shift, let alone the teachers taking out the needles for the records, so I couldn't play anything and had to talk.
Wow..that is crazy. Did you ever play any of the old radio dramas?
No I didn't, that would have been a good and easy radio thing. Just pipe into the radio broadcast and sit back! They would always have their own commercials during those shows, thus I wouldn't have to talk or do anything. 
It would have been neat to be there when some of those broadcasts first came over the air. It was like tv that required thinking. 
I'd have to agree. In radio training, they did have me and a colleague broadcast a Demolition Derby at a county fair. That was fun, though we had car parts flying all over our broadcast booth. (That wasn't very fun dodging those things)
Demo derbys are crazy but fun. It should almost be classified as its own sport. It definitely takes endurance to compete in one of those. 
Yep....wow, I didn't know that Keith Jackson passed away. Dang it....he was a good sportscaster for ESPN.
I never knew much about him. I'm not a huge sports person. Was he well known?
Keith Jackson was pretty much on every Saturday at ESPN. Yep, he was a pretty well-known guy and a good announcer.
Was he one of the announcers that went into it after a career in sports or someone who just started announcing?
I believe that Keith Jackson was just an announcer, but he did it for a lot of years. That's one of the guys I thought of when I went to school for radio. I never did sports talk professionally, but always wondered how I would do doing football games. But, all I got was a demolition derby...lol
lol..I think you won out with the demo. Football always seemed like a really slow game to me. Lots of talking and waiting around but very little game play. 
That's why I liked my training in radio. It taught me how to relay information to the audience. And after I left radio, I went into club DJ'ing. Heck...I've never been afraid  of a microphone!
Is DJ-ing as exciting as movies make it out to be? Given my experience in the bar scene I feel like it would be a lot of annoying drunk people. 
Well, yes, you just hit it. Club DJ'ing was very very different than doing it on the radio. I remember getting disturbed by many a drunk person in those clubs. You had to be pretty quick with the comebacks to when they would shout stuff out. But you had to do it "clean" and not upset the person ridiculing you, and at the same time make the crowd laugh.
I don't think I would have been very good at that. My wit tends to be a bit biting and sarcastic to be said over a microphone. 
LOL....so is mine when I'm not being an entertainer. I retired from it two years ago, and now can't believe what I did for all that time. Adrenaline and nervous energy is what I used to do all those shows. (Always told myself, use the nervousness as your asset, it'll make you do a better job...and it did!)
Adrenaline has a funny way of making us do things we would never attempt normally. I think that is why there are so many thrill seekers these days. Chasing that rush of adrenaline. 
do you watch the NFL?
I sure do. How about yourself?
Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?
Did not know there, are there limitations though?
Nope as long as you qualify, you are allowed to play
Nice. Did you hear they are placing tracking chips on the players now?
Nice, are they doing that for a particular reason?
Yes they are collecting stuff such as velocity and rotation and a bunch of others
Nice I hope they can use those to make the game safer too
I hope so too. Did you know there is a coach who used to be a rocket scientist
There is such a thing? WHat a change of careers. WHo is it?
It is Matt Patricia and he graduated from a school that had tons of math symbols in the name
Nice. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players
I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players
Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people
Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?
The highest score is 222-0, Georgia Tech versus Cumberland, and I do not know abut that stadium
WOw what a score, The stadium is for a high school and can seat 18 000 people
Wow that is a lot of people , bet it cost a lot too
It sure did, $60 million
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?
I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?
My husband is from the bay area so we root for the Oakland Raiders. 
Nice, cool. Do you know what the highest score ever recorded in a game is?
222-0
Yeah that must have been quite the game. Do you know who played, the two teams?
Georgia tech and cumberland. Are you familiar with different kinds of football from different parts of the world?
Yeah there are tons of different kinds like soccer, Canadian and Australian football, rugby, a bunch of them
I'm originally from Hungary and our football there is soccer. My grandpa was a huge fan.
Nice, it is a good sport. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
I had no idea. I wonder why the University of Iowa's locker room is painted pink.
I think they did that to intimidate the opposing team but I am not sure if that really works
Oh ok I see. Do you watch basketball?
I watch it sometimes. I didn't know until recently that the dunk shot was banned because of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
I didn't know that either. Or that in 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach. There is lots of money in sports.
Yeah that is for sure, lots of people watch it so no surprise I guess. Do you know who invented the sport?
James Naismith. Interesting that he is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas history
Yeah that is pretty bizarre. Have you heard of the highest basketball court in the land?
I haven't heard of it. Do you know where it is located?
Yeah it is in the US supreme court building and it is on the top floor, hence the name I am guessing
What is your favorite basketball team? 
I do not have a favorite but just watch the games from time to time. 
How are you? Do you watch Football at all? Charles Snowden recently led the VA Cavaliers over Louisville
I can't say that I am much of a football fan. It seems like a very different game depending on where in the world it is played though. 
Yea, I guess in the US it's known as gridiron around the world. I guess Snowden is a good player in basketball too
Strange that he would play both. They seem like they would require drastically different sports skills. 
Yea but I guess it doesn't matter as much at the college level, plus he played basketball for Coach O.J. Johnson who use to play football as well
A good coach makes all the difference in the world. I am surprised that more former pros don't coach especially since they really don't make as much money as people tend to think they do. 
I guess most former players aren't into recruiting players, I know VA coach had to rebuild his football program, must of been stressful
Stressful but lucrative if you are good at what you do. The sponsers seem to want to follow pros that have had good careers. Especially if they are known for something like highest rushing yards or biggest lineman or never fumbling. 
Yea but coaching wasn't always lucrative, at least not in the 1960s, the top bowlers made twice as much as the top football players
I wonder if that is because they have a longer career. It seems like with all the injuries that football players no matter where they are just can't keep going for long. 
Probably has something to do with football not being as popular in the 1960s and individual bowlers probably made more money winning competitions
I feel bad for the players on teams that just aren't good. It isn't always the fault of the players either. Look at the superbowl this year. 13-3 is just bad. Of course not nearly as bad as the record holding 222-0 but still. 
Yea 222-0 is pretty bad, I'm not surprised no one has come close to score as much as Georgia tech did back in 1916
At a certain point during a game like that you almost want to just call it. I would expect scores like that out of basketball games not football. 
Yea but they had loopsided scores like that in basketball years ago. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was so dominant in college that they banned the dunk for over a decade because of him
I don't understand the love of the dunk. Yeah it looks sort of cool but the skill level is so much higher when it comes to 3 pointers. 
Well I guess the dunk was pretty impressive when few people could actually reach the hoop 10 feet up
That's true. A good vertical is important in basketball. I wonder if they lower the hoop in WNBA or if the women are dunking at the same level. 
I don't know the exact stats but im pretty sure the hoop is lower than the NBA's 10 feet and the diameter is larger than 18 inches
It seems like it depends on where in the world the games are located. I think in America it is more about showmanship than game skills necessarily. 
Probably. I wonder what it's like in New Zealand, they have a basketball team nicknamed the "tall blacks" lol
Seems a bit risky to say that given the racial tensions of the day. But if they gave themselves that knickname it isn't so bad. 
Football or Basketball, do you have a favorite?
Football! It's more exciting I think. I like the american version though!
I agree with you, football americano for sure! do you follow college football?
Yeah I do! It's so popular! 14 of the 25 biggest stadiums are college football!
that is crazy to think. I think about the university of michigan and how crazy big that is. Have you heard of the Iowa Hawkeyes?
Yes I have. The flags in stadiums like that weigh 1100 pounds!
That is crazy heavy! I wonder how they put them up at the top of stadiums. The hawkeyes painted their visitor locker room pink
Haha that is hilarious. Snoop Dogg once wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team!
I want to hear that lol, I wonder if it was ever on the radio
Good question. Bing Crosby sounded very popular back in the 1940's!
Who was Bing Cosby?
He was a musician back in the old days lol! His recordings filled more than half of the radio time in his prime!
wow, I need to hear this guy! Not in Canada though, they are required to play 40% canadian music
Yeah interesting law. I wonder if they play that station that translates solar activity into sound?
I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms
Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!
no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing
Yeah I bet. Surprisingly, one of the top radio acts in 1930's was a ventriloquist...people must have been hard up for entertainment.
For sure lol! the radio has come a long way. I like to go to some free website and listen to dramas on it. It was so great chatting with you!
Oh yeah that would be cool. Once a Hanson song became the most requested song on an alt rock radio station lol. You too have a good evening!
I love Hanson, lol! Bye!
Hi. I didn't know that benjarvus green-ellis never had a fumble.  Impressive!
I know, right? I thought it was weird how the cheerleaders arent allowed to eat in the same restaurants as the nfl players.
yeah, that is bizarre.  Iowa's visiting locker room is pink.  Strange
I wonder if that was meant to try to demoralize the players
Seems like it would work lol.  
I was shocked that the highest score in a football game was 222... THATS CRAZY!
No doubt.  And the other team was shut out!  Also, bowlers used to make more than football players.  That's changed!
Yea it has... could you imagine if bowlers were paid more than nfl players now? They would make average 6-12 million a year for bowling lol
That'd be nuts!  An NFL game only has 11 minutes of gameplay...I never would have guessed that
I already knew that, which is why I get so frustrated with how long a game takes :(
Yeah, I can imagine that would be frustrating.  I usually only watch the super bowl and that game takes forever!
I thought it was pretty cool that the cat in the opening scene of the Godfather, was just a stray. Chances are that was an unplanned scene.
I'd bet that, too.  So, in asia you can pay to play with cats...now that's weird!
I think its a waste of money lol just get a cat
no doubt, cats are everywhere! 
Everywhere including Alaska... where they are made mayors. Now thats weird lol
They also co-author physics papers!
Im not sure the actual purpose of either, but they are both pretty strange!
Yeah, I don't get it either lol.  Apparently cats just sleep for two-thirds of their lives anyway
yea, Im 35 right now... I couldn't imagine sleeping 12 years of that. No wonder cats are considered lazy lol
That's basically sleeping 16 hours a day...I cannot imagine that
I will say that I was pleased to see that at least an engineer has higher wages than an nfl or mlb player. I faithfully believe that sport players are WAY overpaid.
Considering how unimportant their jobs are, I agree.  Unfortunately they generate a ton of revenue sense people pay so much for tickets and merch.  Its all a waste IMO
Hugh waste! I think that a percentage of the earned income should automatically go to funding projects or foundations that better the citizens lives or economy. 
I agree.  What kills me are the billionaire owners that cry poor when they want a new stadium,  No way that should be paid for by taxes.
HI how are you?
Hey! I just got in from a game of basketball! We had enough players for the common 5 player teams. Do you like basketball?
I do a little bit. Did you guys win?!
Oh yeah! I got 3 field goals, which are worth 2 points each. I was so tired, I was glad my team had the most points at the end of regulation play, and we didn't have to go into overtime!
Good job! Did you know the New Zealand team is nicknamed the "tall blacks"?
No way! I didn't know that. I was bummed that I didn't make any 3 point shots today, but then I remembered that Shaq has only one recorded 3 point shot throughout his entire basketball career! 
Youll get it next game! I love how the us supreme court has a bball court on the top floor!
Everybody loves basketball! Vasectomy rates increase during March Madness so that men can stay home for a few days to watch basketball. That's pretty extreme!
That is absolutely hilarious. College baskeball and football coaches make bank, apparently!
Yeah, and the highest paid across all US Department of Defense employees are three football coaches of the service branch teams. Maybe I need to start playing football instead!
They are the highest paid state employees in 39 states!
Even high school football involves some serious money. In Allen, Texas, the high school football stadium cost $60 million to build! It seats 18,000 people!
It is funny how Iowas locker room for visitors in painted in all pink!
I heard about that! College stadiums are no joke. Fourteen of the world's largest 25 stadiums belong to American college football teams! 
That is wild. The highest score of a football game ever was 222 to 0!
No way. A Snoop Dogg song just came on the radio, and it reminded me that he once wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team! I don't think I've ever heard that one over the radio waves!
Radio waves are fascinating. Apparently you can hear Jupiters radio storms on an am radio.
Wow! There's also a radio station that translates solar activity into sound so that you can listen live to the sun's music. I wonder what it sounds like?
It is probably better than regular AM radio!
Haha! I thought you were going to say it's probably better than Hanson! But a Hanson song once became the most requested track on a Chicago alt-rock radio station because the DJs didn't reveal the band. Sneaky!
Probably better than that also!
I'd rather listen to Hanson than a ventriloquist. One of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist. It baffled contemporary critics, and it baffles me, too! 
Very interesting! Nice chatting with you!
Hi do you like football?
Hi! Yes, I do like football! Do you? I was just reading about how there is no written rule against female players in the NFL. Women would be allowed to join if the met the league's eligibility requirements.
Yep, that's true but seeing how big the guys are its no surprise that no woman has ever joined or wanted to join a team haha
I agree! And semi-related, I've heard that the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink! 
Yeah, that a great way to decrease team moral haha
Exactly! Or maybe make the other team angry! In the 60's top bowlers made twice as much money as the top football stars!
Now that is weird to hear because of the big difference in physicalness.
Absolutely! I'm sure football pays more than bowling, these days! Ha. So, the highest score ever in a football game was in 1916! When Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
Yeah, now that is crazy to hear. How could they even let that game continue?
It sounds like a world record loss and win! That's pretty interesting!
Yeah and i'm sure it wqas pretty embarrasing too, WOW
Have you ever had a pet cat?
Yes, i have 4 cats actually!
Aw nice! I have 3 cats! :) I just found out that the cat in The Godfather movie, was a stray that was found on set. I hope they gave the cat a good home after filming!
That's sweet to hear, the cat got its own cameo apearance!
Wow, here is a fun fact! When a cat reaches 15 years old, they've spent 10 of their lives sleeping!
Yeah, thats a long cat nap for sure!
Absolutely! There are cat cafes n Japan and Taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cat and have drinks. I'd like to see some of those where I live!
Me too,l i have been to Japan and never saw them!
Oh really? I'd love to visit Japan! They have such a neat culture! I even find their food interesting!
Yeah, it was a great experience! Well, i gotta go. It was nice chatting with you! Have a great day!
Nice chatting with you as well! Have a great day! Goodbye! :)
Bye
good morning! do you like football?
Good morning, yes, I do.  How about you?
Yes I do.  Did you know that the highest score on a game was 222-0?
I had heard that before, I don't think it would happen today, though.  It would be considered unsportsmanlike conduct.  Who's your favorite team?
You're probably right about that.  Also, I think teams have advanced in their skills.  I know this was a college game that had that score but college teams have skills nowadays.
Yes, they do.  My favorite team is the Patriots.
I like several professional teams to be honest.  After watching Patrick Mahomes this past season I've added the Chiefs to my list of favorites!
That's cool, I never think about them.  I'm pretty mainstream and rookie.  Just like the New England Patriots because they win so much.  Don't like being on the losing side. Lol
I know what you mean. It's depressing when one of my teams loses.  Speaking of the patriots though, have you heard of Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
I think I have, he's a former Patriots running back, I believe.
Yeah, I heard that he never fumbled the ball in his entire career. That's really impressive!
Yes, that is impressive.  I can't imagine the pressure he must have felt to remain perfect.  I could not have done that!
i never thought about it like that but you're right. The announcers probably mentioned it every time he had the ball.
All eyes on him.  Laser focused to see if he messed up.  I wonder if Kareem Abdul- Jabbar felt any pressure when he was dunking the basketball in college?
hmm, I don't know.  I guess if it was expected of him then he probably did.
Well, he was so good at it, he got it banned from college basketball for over a decade.  I'm sure every game everyone was watching to see if he'd dunk the ball.  Do you like basketball, too?
I like some. I did watch the women's big 12 championship game last night. It was actually pretty good for a while.  I'm glad the dunk shot is no longer banned by the way.
That's awesome, I watch it occasionally, as well.  I find it ironic that James Naismith was the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history, though.  He invented the game of basketball after all.
That is odd! You would think that he would know the game inside out and be the best at it after all.
Exactly, or would have at least rewritten the rules to favor his team, somehow.  Anyway, have you heard about the basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court building?
No, I didn't know there was one.  i'll look into it though because I have to sign off now.  It's been nice chatting with you and have a great day!
do you watch football?
I sure do. Do you know the U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the opposing team
I wonder too. Did you know bowlers made more than football players in the 60s?
Yes I guess football was not as popular back in the day as it is now
True. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes that was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yeah that a score and all the way back in 1916
Yeah. DO you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes that was for the superimposed yellow line
Yeah they did a good job there, easier to watch the game at home
True. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Yes he is the rb that never fumbled the ball in his career
Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify
Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways
Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime
Yes they have longer careers too though so more time to make money
True. Did you hear of that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yes they are not allowed to eat at the same place as the players
Yeah it is so sexist and it needs to go really
Hi, how are you?
Doing good? Do you follow football at all? It's a family of sports that includes rugby, gridiron, and soccer
Why yes, I do I love all types of football.  Do you like football?
Yea I enjoy gridiron, I also think rugby football is pretty interesting too, would love to play it
Interesting to me that the word "football" is understood to refer to whichever form of football that is most popular in the regional context in which the word appears.  So football in some areas, is called soccer in other parts.
Yea, I wonder if there is any other football variation types besides American football, soccer, and rugby
Oh, there's more, for sure.  
I wonder how much money other footballers make, in the US an average engineer makes more than an average nfl player over their lifetime
I think the true Soccer players make pretty good bank.
I wonder if soccer players are tracked like how the NFL embeds chips into shoulder pads and footballs to track things like velocity and location
I guess the could place a tracker in their shin guards or shoes?  Not many places to place a tracker on them, unlike the NFL players. Lol
No, I guess not. It's funny how the nfl tracks all these stats yet the average game only has 11 minutes of gameplay
I know, I felt like the last Super bowl I watched was about 3 hours long.
Yea that was excruciating to watch. Do you have a favorite nfl team out of the 32?
I like the New England Patriots and the GOAT!
Yea the patriots are a great team. Did you know apparently Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball in his career?
Yes, that's an impressive feat, just imagine the stress and pressure to remain perfect.  I know I couldn't do it.lol
Yea that pretty tough, probably tougher than the time Georgia tech scored 222 points on Cumberland back in 1916
That sounds like a train wreck, but it would never happen today.  That last Super bowl was the lowest scoring Super bowl, ever. On a side note, I read somewhere that the Eagles once set up a court in their stadium for six years because of their fan's bad behavior.  Isn't that wild?
Lol well the fans in Philli do have a bad reputation so I'm not surprised there was an actual court inside the stadium
That's just too funny!  Anyway, it's been nice chatting with you this morning, I need to go walk my dog, now.  I'll talk to you later, friend.
do you like football?
I sure do.. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room  pink?
I wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on them
I wonder too. DId you know bowlers used to make more than nfl players in the 60s
Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now
True. Do you know the highest score in college football?
Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yeah what a game and that was way back in 1916
Yeah. ESPN once won an EMmy for the superimposed yellow line
Nice. Did you know women can play too?

Yes as there is no written rule that prevents them from doing so
Yeah and if they meet the requirements then they are good to go
Yeah. THe average gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways
True and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
Yeah. Engineers make more than players over the lifetime
Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up
True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?
Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
Yeah and worse, they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
Yes it is so sexist and it really need to go now
I agree, things have changed now. Nice chatting with you.
Hello, you follow the NFL much?
I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games
for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?
Absolutely and the Patriots.
for sure, did you know the saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at restaurants containing nfl players? I am rooting for the patriots also
Yeah, its a bit hypocritical of the team and the NFL to have a rule like that
for sure, very sexist. Speaking of the patriots, did you know benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled in his career 
Didn't he fumble a couple of weeks ago?
He recently retired a year or two ago, that is impressive. Hopefully the patriots take a note from him during the playoffs
This years 17-week season has wrapped up and now we hit the playoffs. Who do you think will win the Super Bowl this year?
I think the bears have a chance, but I think the saints will make a run, you?
Yes. I am worried though this may be the last year of Brees and Brady. I will have to find a young QB to follow now
for sure, patrick mahomes is killing it and a good role model, he may be the next star qb if he follows up with another great season
I am really loving watching that kid above all the other young QBs in the NFL.
for sure, do you follow college football at all?
A little bit. I am a secret fan of the Chiefs. I follow Ohio State on the college level
for sure, I am an Iowa fan, did you know they painted their opponent locker room pink?
Yeah, thats a bit ridiculous. I need to look at pics online to see what it looks like.
for sure, it was from their coach years ago who was a psychology graduate. Good chatting with you, you were fast and informative!
You as well
go patriots, bye!
Good evening partner. What's your take on football? I like watching American football but not Rugby.
I like football and dont like rugby or gaelic football, the nomal version is the one that I like
Yes similar to my liked! I like all levels. There was a high school team that played despite their science building burning down in the background!
They did, you know  that there is a really expensive high school stadium in Texas, it has a cost of $60 million to get build
Wow that is a huge cost. Seems like the fans need to behave better in Philly. They have a court setup in the stadium!
They do? I wonder why, that is really strange
Yes because of their fans bad behavior!
Oh I guess that makes sense, having a court there and having the trails in the moment, 14 out of the 25 largest stadiums in the world are of college football teams
Exactly. Wow that is impressive. College football is big. Tim Tebow was big in college but not so much the NFL. He was actually offered to play arena football by Kiss.
Not really sure who is Tim Bow but yeah, many great college players dissapoint later when the go to the NFL
Yes it is tough to make it. Maybe someday a female will play, there is no written rule against it.
I think that will be great, there should be like a female NFL league, 
Yeah that would be interesting. On average an NFL game only lasts 11 minutes!
Only 11 minutes! that sure is a scam, have you ever seen those huge flags at the stadiums?
Yeah they are huge. I think the University of Iowa has one and they also have pink locker rooms!
Thats funny, and yeah I bet they do, those flafs cost $50,000 each and weight a lot
Wow interesting. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer make more than that of an NFL player!
That kind of makes sense, engineers do have larger carreers
Yeah and they don't get injured nearly as often! 
No, most football players end up with brain damage or other injuries that is really sad
Yes it really is. The movie concussion was very insightful for that. Well it was lovely speaking with you today. Enjoy the weekend.
It was, it showed the reality of the game, the hidden reality and I hope you have a great weekend as well, thanks for the chat, bye.
I'm wondering when women are finally going to play in the NFL.
I think there was a womens' league years ago but I am not sure. It was not the NFL though.
Was that the league with lingerie or something? Five or six a side football?
Something like that yes. But I think if a woman wants to play in the NFL and is good enough, she should be allowed. 
I wonder if women can play some positions like kicker and punter because size is not really the issue? What about male cheerleaders though?
Cheerleading is really hard! You have to be athletic. I have a male friend who was a cheerleader in high school and he was great at it. 
I've heard that the Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as the players. What up with dat? 
I hadn't heard that! Wow. I have heard that cheerleaders have a lot of strict rules though. Do the football players have a lot of rules they have to follow?
Probably rules about drug use. And standing during the National Anthem!  :0
Haha! I can't believe how much football coaches get paid. I heard that the coaches for the military teams get paid more than anyone else in the department of defense. That's crazy!
That's the market for you. There's so much money from TV and stuff. I heard that in the past the players really didn't make much. Now engineers make more over their careers than pro athletes.
It seems like it is very easy to get injuries that can end a career. So engineers probably are able to put in a lot more years at their jobs. 
Yeah. It's a fantasy to think a person could become a football player. Seriously, engineers are needed more than players. Priorities in society can get screwy.
I went to high school with someone who played for the Panthers. Now he sells cars. You're right about priorities though. Football is more important than academics in most high schools and colleges. They spend a lot of money on it. 
I would play high school to get a scholarship though. The best way to get an education is to be a good athlete, not a good student.
I heard there is a high school stadium in Texas that cost $60 million. I don't really think that is right.
How much money goes to textbooks after the stadium is payed for? I heard that a high school team kept playing a game even when their school was on fire.
I heard that 14 of the world's largest stadiums belong to college football teams... I wonder how many of those are state schools. Our taxes shouldn't be paying for that. 
I wonder how many jobs are created though. I know lots of people love the sport. 
That is true. I think maybe it would be better if instead of school teams it was more like the European soccer system, where you grow up playing for a club and then go pro. 
Yeah, that's true. No confusion over the purpose of school.
I've enjoyed talking about football! I have to go and have my dinner now. 
Great!
Chris Thompson will be a key player to help the Redskins quarterback Alex Smith this year
Yeah, I heard his health has improved a lot.
He comes from Florida State and worked his way back from a fractured fibula ending the 2017 season which was too bad
He was a little nervous getting back on the field but he's finding his groove again.
I'm glad he reports it felt good and he's able to make playes
It will be about 18 months from the initial injury until he feels like himself again though
Did you hear that top bowlers in the 60's made more than top football stars by 2x's?
That's so interesting considering how crazy our nation is for football these days!
The highest score in a football game was a whopping 222-0 in 1916.  That is embarrassing!
I wonder how that happened! That's a game I'd love to see. I'm not really into football. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Maybe that's why it doesn't keep my interest.
The NFL also is using tracking chips in shoulder pads to record moves and footballs to track velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.  I guess you have to perform without excuses!
Yeah, football is a serious sport! You can also see how important it is by the technology that is developing. Apparently, ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line.
If you go to the Eagles, you have to watch your behavior because they had a temporary court set up in their stadium for six years due to their fans bad behavior!
That is funny! I wish people would be more into women's sports. Women aren't prohibited from being in the NFL but have yet been able to meet eligibility requirements.
That would be awesome for them to show their skills someday!  Did you hear about the high school football team that kept playing in '65 even though their science building burned down behind them.  I'm surprised they had a separate science building.
That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up
I hope the Eagles make it again.  Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though
Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.
The commercials are usually fun, and who doesn't like good food and friends?  If you visit Iowa check out the pink visiting teams locker room at University of Iowa haha
Hey, pink isn't such a bad color. A lot of football players wear it to show support for breast cancer fighters and survivors.
That's true!  Kiss bought into an arena football team and offered a contract to tim tebow.  Wonder if he would take it? Nice chatting!
hi do you watch the nfl?
I sure do. DO you know how many teams are in the nfl?
Yes there are 32 teams divided between NFC and AFC
Right. Did you know women can play?
Yeah there is no written rule against them playing if they qualify
Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all
Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game
Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?
I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money
Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah about them not being able to eat in the same place as the players?
Yeah and worst, they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
Yeah it is really sexist though and should be banished
I hope that happens. DId you know they are putting tracking chips on the players now?
Yeah they are using those to track velocity and speed and all that stuff
Yeah I hope they can use those stats to make the games a bit safer too
Hope so too. U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink
Hmm I wonder why. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
Yeah that is crazy. ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line
Yeah that is great because it has made watching the game from home much easier
True. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is ?
I was unaware that the top bowlers in the 60s made as much as top football stars. 
Yea, most football players had regular jobs when they weren't playing so I guess it's not unrealistic for top bowlers to make more than them during the 1960s
Yeah, crazy. ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line that represents the 1st down marker. 
It's funny how it took so long for someone to think of something as simple as putting a yellow line for a first down took so long to be thought of
I wonder if it was the fact that the technology didn't exist at the time? 
It's possible, I mean now they have tracking chips embedded in every player's equipment, funny how far sports has come along
Interesting, concept though
Yea, it's neat they can measure things such as velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location
Well, the University of Iowa's locker room is painted pink, crazy
that's crazy, I wonder what color the locker rooms were for the arena football team Kiss bought
I'm not sure, that's a great question though, probably black and white? 
Maybe that's why Tim Tebow never signed with them
I don't blame him, to be honest, I think he is overrated though. 
Yea, not a great qb, would have made a better RB, not as good as Benjarvus Green-Ellis though, he hasn't fumbled in his career yet
I think so too, funny you mention that. I'm not all that surprised that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
No, it's not that surprising they only play 11 minutes when you think of all the time they spend between plays setting up the next play
Yeah, sometimes when I'm watching a game, I think that they do take a bit too much time running the clock out and stuff, but oh well. 
It's funny how grueling the game is on your body when there is only 11 mins of gameplay and 16 games a year
Yeah, I remember reading about some players having to sit in a tub full of ice after the game was over. 
Yep, it's a rough sport, the Eagles even had their own court room in their stadium
I head about that, I'm not sure where though. 
I remember a stand up comedian talked about the eagles having their own court in the stadium before
Yeah, well the average NFL player makes less than an engineer over the course of their life. 
Hi.  do you watch football
Yes I do, I am especially interested right now in following Jordan Reed to see if he will really be able to take the next step in his promising career after his surgery.
who is your team
Well, Jordan Reed is on the Redskins, so I am following them currently.
I see.  do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0
Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.
Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.  
I was also surprised to learn that ESPN won an Emmy for creating that yellow first down line graphic on television. I never realize that sports media could also win those Hollywood awards!
I do not know how a sport program could win an emmy.  Did they have an acting skill?
No, I guess that the yellow line thing was so innovative for American football media coverage at the time that it was considered worthy of an award!
I concur.  Btw, did you know that former Patriot running back benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled the footall in his career
No, I didn't, but that's impressive. I wonder if they have used those NFL tracking chips in the shoulder pad to record his speed and velocity and stuff?
I do not think so because this is a new technology
Oh, that's a good point! Well either way it's too bad that football players even that talented only make half as much as engineers
but it is quick money and fame.
Yeah but also it sounds like they control your life quite a bit! Even other athletes such as the NFL New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have strict rules against eating in a restaurant at the same time as an NFL player.
I see.  Did you know that nfl has no written rule against female players.  They are allowed to play if they meet the requirements
Wow, so the NFL actually treats women better as players than the cheerleaders get treated apparently!
I would think so.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Happy holiday
Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!
Thank you.
I thought that was funny, hopefully the teams are good sports. 
Hi, do you like college foot ball?
Yeah but i don't get to watch at all. How about you?
I do love it and watch it all the time. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't who's yours. Did you know the Iowa visiting locker room is painted pink. 
I am an Illinois fan. We have not had much to cheer about lately. I heard rumors about the locker room. I wonder if it works.
Not on me it was just make me made and want to make sure i won! How about you?
Probably not. I am not sure I could get more laid back or passive. I just don't care... I would care if I got beat 222-0. I would have a team meeting after that.
Oh my God yes that bus ride home was either screaming or dead silent, lol! Cumberland got their butts kicked. 
I have never heard of that school so I wonder if they just closed after that beating?
Yeah that sounds about right! lol!! Did your hear that espn won an award?
They have probably won a lot. For what?
No they won it for that superimposed yellow line for the first down. 
I feel like that is a low bar to hurdle. A yellow line?
I know but it made life watching the game on tv that much simpler. 
It does. I am surprised they still have old guys measuring first downs with chains. It is 2019 and tennis uses computers and sensors, can't the NFL?
Well apparently they are spending all there money on tracking chips.
They could use it in footballs to figure it out. They need to be better. Plus it would speed up play.
Right well there is only 11 minutes of live game play anyway. 
I know. I need less commercials and chain gang time though. 
Right! Those chains are too funny i never even thought about that, lol!!! Would want to be a New Orleans cheerleader they get treated like second class citizens if there eating at a restaurant and a player comes in.
Sexism! Nice chatting with you!
Are you a big redskins fan?
No but I like ha-ha clinton dix and alex smith as players though, I am a vikings fan, how about you?
I am actually a Patriots fan but I think it was smart of them to give up at fourth round pick for Dix.
For sure, he is a good player and good for defense. I am not a saints fan too much though, I don't like how they treat their cheerleards
Definitely odd how they have a rule that they cant eat with players.
right, I feel that is sexist and why the  other 31 other teams don't say anything!
I am pretty sure the NFL is still a private business they can kind of do whatever they want.
that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?
Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?
Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks
Funny you say that the average engineer has higher lifetimes earnings than an NFL player!
wow, I should have been an engineer instead of dreaming about playing in the NFL lol! Do you have a favorite college team?
I would have to say university of Iowa.
Me too, that is my Alma Mater! Did you hear about their locker rooms?
I heard they are pink, is that for breast cancer or something?
That is true! That would make sense but they are for the visitors as a calming method. It is psychology 101, the color soothes and makes you relaxed
Wow, that is some next level stuff! Former patriots running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled a ball.
That is such a good feat he did. I feel all the running backs ever do now is fumble the ball. He needs to teach a clinic
Ya, even crazier is that average NFL game is only 11 minutes.
That is not a lot of time lol. It takes the game from start to finish like 3 hours lol
Exactly, well great chatting.
You too, I hope your night is awesome!
Hello there, do you follow the NFL at all?
Kind of, but only in passing, I would not say I was an football expert.
I am not an expert myself, but I follow enough to know what is going on, and I watch all my favorite teams games. 
What would be your favorite NFL teams?  Are they any good?
I like the Packers, they weren't very good this season, it was a bummer. 
I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.
Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though. 
I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0.  That must have hurt.
That sounds awful, I wonder how many Cumberland fans were still in the stands when that game ended?
Or if they came back the following week.  I guess you have to stick with your team through thick and thin, but that might have pushing the limit.
Yeah that is the test of a true fan, that you might be critical of the management, but you always stay a fan.
Would you be a true fan if you ended up in the court set up in the stadium of the Eagles.  In Europe they call those type of fans the Ultras.
Yeah I have heard a bit about some of the Ultras in European leagues and down in South America as well.  I'm a big fan of international football. 
What always amazes me is college football and its size, almost seem as big as professional football, I can't think of another amateur sport with that much of a following.
That is true and the size of the stadiums for college and even high school football is insane. 
I know, the high school football coach is a minor celebrity around here, I can't say that for any of the teachers.
Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches. 
Not sure how I feel about that.  I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.
Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days. 
Still  you kind of have to go.  If you want to be an engineer, at least one that has career earnings more then most football players.
That is true, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day!
Hello there, are you a fan of football?
I am a fan, what about you?
I am as well, did you watch the Super Bowl this past Sunday?
I did, I was rooting for the patriots, what about you? the game was really close and really defensive not sure if I liked it
Yeah I didn't like that it was so low scoring and mostly defense, it does not make for an exciting game.  I was partial to either, but I am impressed by the Patriots domination of the league the last 2 decades. 
Its actually the Superbowl with the fewest points scored, and the Patriots have done things right that is for sure, they used to have a great player called Benjarvus Green Ellis.
Yeah did you kow he never had a fumble in his entire career!?  That is very impressive. 
I know, that is really impressive! I bet only a few players have accomplished that, maybe he is the only one, did you know that ESPN won an emmy because of the creation of the first down line
Yeah that is an interesting fact.  I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before they put that yellow line up there. 
The yellow line has been there a long time and I think that the emmy is well deserved as it has definetely contributed with a lot to the game.
Yeah I think it has totally changed how people were able to watch and cheer, it makes so much of a difference. 
It does, I guess thats why games were so unfair in old times, there was a team that lost by 222 points 
Yeah isn't that crazy, I wonder if there were any defense playing that day at all!
I know, it seems like the other team was blind or they were all injured, another interesting fact is that bowlers made more than football players back in 1960
Yeah I thought that was pretty wild.  I guess if I got the chance to do it again, I would be a pro bowler in the 60's!
I guess thats a safer sport, football has proven to cause a lot of brain damage in players so thats not good.
Yeah it has, if you ever watch the movie Concussion, with Will Smith, it definitely makes you think twice about how much damage the sport does to ones body and brain most of all. 
I think ive seen that film before, I will google it later or maybe its available in Netflix, there is a crazy rules the New Orlans Saints have, its really sexist and rude in fact.
Yeah that rule seems so outdated and dumb.  I can't believe that is an actual rule. 
I know right, I mean cheerleaders could actually sue the team for something like that, its a rule that should be abolished
Yeah I couldn't agree more.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
Are you a NFL fan?
I am not. Are you?
Yeah I enjoy watching the NFL.. I think there's 32 teams in the NFL.
What is your favorite team? It is surprising how much the NFL has gained in popularity. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice a much as top football stars.
I really like the Titans. However, the quarterback is out with an injury. 
Oh, sorry to hear. I guess I am not into football because there are only 11  minutes of live gameplay.
But it's 11 minutes if action!! The super bowl will be coming up soon..
I hear it's the first Sunday in February. I might get together with some friends to socialize.
It sure is.. Usually the day after my birthday... The highest scoring game in football was 1916 Georgia Teach beat Cumberland 222-0.. They must have bad offense and defensive.
Wow, how is that even possible? It's interesting how there is so much technology used these days in football.
Right.. Especially the graphics on television.. 
I heard ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow line
I bet. That was brilliant!! I wonder if women can play in the NFL?
I read that they actually can, if they can meet requirements. Sadly no women have yet.
This is nuts.. If a Saint's cheerleader is eating in a restaurant and a football player shows up they have to leave. They aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurant as the players. I wonder why?
Yes, it seems unfair that the cheerleaders have to leave and never the players.
Extremely sexist!!
Indeed. I wonder how they can still get away with it.
I'm not sure. There is no good reason for that rule.
And also it seems that being a football player may not be all it's cracked out to be. An engineer actually makes more in a lifetime!
Right and their bodies probably aren't that banged up like a football player.
Hello there, do you follow the NFL at all?
I love the NFL. What about you?
I follow but mostly my favorite team, I do watch more during the playoffs I will say though.  How about you?
Same here. Who's your favorite team? Mine is the Bengals.
Nice! I used to play with the Bengals in tecmo super bowl all the time.  I'm a Packer fan. 
HAHA - I love tecmo super bowl. Did you know Iowa painted the opposing teams locker room pink?
Yeah I heard about that, I wonder who gave the final ok for that to be done, I bet they weren't overly PC lol. 
Not too sure lol. The 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top NFL stars.
That is so crazy, it just shows how much bigger the NFL has gotten since then. 
I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.
No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol. 
That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol
Oh yeah, greasy hands, thin crust frozen pizza, and lots of high life beer. 
LOL! The highest score ever in a football game was 222-0.
Holy crap, I think I have read about that, oh Cumberland so sorry for you lol. 
Yea that is bad. Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his entire NFL career.
That is very impressive, I wonder how many total carries he had?
Not sure on that, but I know he was a starter so I'd imagine a lot of carries.
Yeah thats true he was so probably a decent amount you are right. 
In the NFL, there is no written rule against women playing.
I think it would be super cool if a female player made a roster and got to see some real gametime.  Nice chatting with you today!
Do you watch the NFL?
A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.
Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?
Well back in the day it was the Green Bay Packers. Not sure how they rank these days though. So it's the National Football league which consist of the afc and the nfc right?
Yep, 16 in each I think. I am a vikings fan. What are your thoughts on the saints
Nothing really like i said haven't watch in while. Why what do you know? I am aware that they plan to put tracking chips in player padding as well as the footballs. 
if their cheerleaders are eating at a restaurant and the players come, they have to leave, kind of sexist
I think so. Do you know in Austria Rugby is consider to be football? 
I did not know that, that is more brutal I think. I wonder if their actual gameplay lasts longer than the Nfls 11 minutes
So many commercials i guess because that's hard to believe. Do you know about the high school in Allen Texas?  
For sure, what about that school?
There is a High School in Allen Texas that seats 18,000 ppl and cost 60 million to build. 
wow, I heard that a while ago. Waste of tax payer money. Do you have a favorite college team?
I don't i ever only watched Pro if given a chance. Is it much different?
Not too much, I am an Iowa Hawkeye fan, they paint the visiting locker room pink!
Haha, That might just make me mad and want to win even more. So how do you feel about the tracking chips they are about to start using in the pro's?
For sure it is supposed to calm them down lol. I heard about that, probably made my engineers who make more money than nfl players do in their lifetime
Yeah i get that but give me the 10-15 and i'm out not the 40-50, you know! So do you know how long a regular season last? 
I dont know how long it lasts, how long?
I believe 17 weeks but every team gets a bye week so they play 16 games a season.
nice talking to you!
Hi Turker, are you a fan of NFL, if yes do you watch Thursday night football?
I am a fan, my Thursday nights wouldn't be the same withou that sacred sport, what about you?
I feel the same way, I like Thursday night football and I hope nothing change.
It seems like the Thursday packages isnt going anywhere so that is a good thin, did you know Disney is the owner of ABC and ESPN?
No I had no Idea, since Disney always had it own channel, they must have recently brought ABC and ESPN.
Yeah seems like they are buying everything these days, Star Wars, Marvel and now those two channels as well
Wow, Disney doing good, I knew there was the Disney channel for many years, when I was small that was my favorite channel.
It was  great channel I liked it as well, crazy how much money TV moves and also how much money football moves, $900 million for Thursday night games alone
Wow it's amazing, did you know ESPN is laying off large numbers of workers?
No I didnt know that, its terrible, I wonder why, have you watched The Bing Bang Theory?
I used to, but not any more since they got older, after that seems like things wasn't the same.
Well its a really funny show, it has an average of 18 million viewers. The NBC has great series in it. 
Yes I read about the viewers, did you know that women has a chance to play in the nfl if they meet eligibility?
I didnt know about that, what do you think about that rule? would you like to watch a woman in the NFL?
I don't think so, because this will change the entire paste of the game, I don't think 250 and 300 lbs menwould want to tackle women head on, I would like to see a WNFL, women only.
Yeah I dont think its a good sport to mix genres, do you know who Matt Patricia is?
No I don't have any Ideal, does she have something to do with the NfL?
Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL
Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.
Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all
I thought it was a woman at first, did you know that only 11 minutes of live playtime in a nfl game?
No didn't know that, 11 minutes of live playtime doesn't seem right, anyways im getting kind of tired, its late so Im going to call it a night. 
Yes you are right, it was nice chatting with you also, good night.
did you know that Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva? haha that is weird
I had no clue, I also didn't know Disney was founded by Roy Disney too
No I didn't know that, or that wall-e was named after Walter Elias Disney, I wonder if that is walt disney's son?
I wonder too, I guess there is a lot of obscure Disney stuff like hidden mickey mouse images
yes, I remember reading about how they put hidden images in their movies, I bet there is a blog or youtube channel that showcases a lot of it, very strange too that Bill Nye was a consultant for the Disney movie Flubber, I remember that movie was not good haha
Lol no and I don't think it was that scientifically accurate. I don't see why they didn't just put Bill Nye in the movie.
haha that would have improved the movie for sure, I like Robin Williams too, that movie was just a real stinker, did you like Big Hero 6?
Don't know much about Big Hero 6 besides all the toys they seem to sell, apparently it took a 55,000 core computer to render it
Ya I was wondering about that, I thought the movie was only OK, there are definitely better Disney animated movies, but I'm old maybe I'm biased to the classics and not their newer stuff
Well they have been making movies since 1923 so there is probably a lot better movies out there
yes they have a long history, do you watch football at all? I know a little about it and I will be watching the superbowl, but I don't personally really care what happens with the teams
Yea, i follow football, mostly the giants, it's hard to keep up with all 32 teams
ya I agree, for me it seems kind of boring, and apparently there is, on average, only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in a given NFL game, that is like nothing
it's crazy how there is an average of 11 minutes of gameplay and 16 games a season
yup, so not a lot of actual gameplay but lots of commercials and lots of watching men standing still waiting to hike the ball haha, I'll be thinking about that during the superbowl this year
Lots of injuries and stats too. All the players have chips embedded in their shoulder pads 
Yes I think that would be useful for tracking all kinds of stats, that's almost like a videogame at that point with the stats you could get, also weird that the average engineer makes more in their lifetime than the average NFL player
Well in the 60s top bowlers made more than football starts lol, I guess football careers are quite short
ya that must be what it is, that is funny because today it is the complete reverse, also crazy that the NFL would allow a female player if she could meet the requirements, I think we will see a female NFL player in our lifetime
Yea since there is no rules against female players I can see one become a place kicker
I was thinking that ya, nothing would stop them from becoming a kicker. I think a linebacker might be too much though, that would be a massive woman. haha
Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?
I did. Do you watch football? 
Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?
I watch it sometimes. I don't usually watch Thursday night football though. 
Yeah, me neither, do you have a favorite sports team?
I do, I like the redskins. What about you?

I like the Dallas Cowboys because I grew up there and luckily the cheerleaders aren't treated like the Saints cheerleaders where they are forbidden from eating in the same restaurants as the NFL players.
Interesting. Apparently the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
THat's super short and yet I find myself devoting a whole afternoon or evening to watching the game. So the players don't technically have to be in real good shape then right?
Yeah, I usually go out. But I can believe that it is only 11 minutes. 
Yeah but they probably need time to play those expensive ads but where is all that money going if the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the earnings of a NFL player?
Yeah. I can believe that, engineers make good money in some places. 
I'd imagine petroleum engineers make a lot of money too. I have yet to see any female players play in the NFL even though there are no written rules against them from playing.
Yeah, there were female players when I was in high school though.
Oh wow, did they have to meet the physical requirements or anything? Did the females share the same locker rooms as the males?
I'm not sure. Not when I was in school. The one player was a wide receiver. 
Oh ok. Like football, I also watch a lot of Disney movies, my favorite are the animations by Pixar, such as Wall-E, have you seen it?
I've watched some good Disney movies in my day. Minni is short for Minerva. 
I didn't know that, that's also not a common first name either. I wonder if there are people named after the character. Perhaps a pet or something.
Yeah, and apparently Bill Nye was a consultant for Flubber. 
Is that how Bill Nye got his big break? He was the consultant and then realized that he could also become an entertainer as well. I like watching him too!
Boy, I miss football season. I love ESPN's Monday night football offerings. What about you?
I don't really watch it though sometimes I inadvertently end up watching Thursday Night Football.
Ah, yes. During football season, it can be hard to not catch at least part of a game. Did you know ABC is the only one of the 4 major broadcast networks without a prime-time NFL game?
I heard Disney owns ABC and ESPN so they are considering bidding on the CBS and NBC football package.
Yes. It would seem like a smart investment. Eight of the top 10 single telecasts were NFL games, including the Super Bowl LI, which was number 1. 
ABC hasn't had prime time NFL since 2005, when it moved to ESPN. Is it still on ESPN? That would then make it more accessible to more people if it were on ABC.
It is on ESPN for now. But, ESPN is laying off large numbers of workers. It seems some NFL players do not love the idea of Thursday games though. Richard Sherman, who plays for the Seahawks, said it's too short if you've just played a Sunday game. He said your body is still sore.
That makes sense. I did a Color Run last week and am still sore. Then again I'm not athletic. Haha!
I can't imagine how sore they must be. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay! So few minutes for such pain!
Right, and that's part of the reason football doesn't interest me, not a lot of live gameplay. I also get lost sometimes. The superimposed yellow line helps out a bit. ESPN won an emmy for that.
They deserved it! That really helped me! It looks a little cartoonish, but hey, I love cartoons, especially Disney!
Me too! My favorite character is Minnie. I don't really like her full name, Minerva.
They are so clever with their names! Did you know that Wall-E was named as a tip of the hat to Walter Elias Disney?
Oh, I could have figured that out but I didn't haha! Wall E is so cute. Have you found any hidden mickey mouse images in other disney films?
I haven't...yet! I just got clued into that subculture recently. I wonder if there are hidden images all the way back to the company's founding, back on October 16, 1923? I may have a lot of catching up to do!
Yeah, me too. Gives me a reason to rewatch everything. Wonder if there are any in Big Hero 6. I haven't seen that but it was made using a 55,000 core supercomputer.
They really do use technology, don't they? They even got Bill Nye to be a science consultant for Flubber! They've come a long way since 1923!
And they have grown to 14 theme parks aroud the world. I've only been to one!
Who would have guess that from their start in animation they would branch out to theme parks, live action film, and even sort of the NFL!
Yeah, I bet their merchandise is a big part of it too. I love to collect it.
I forgot all about the merchandise! I wonder if there are any Minnie Mouse/NFL crossover dolls?
Haha, there should be. I feel like there are? Or maybe I'm thinking of the NFL potato head I have. Speaking of which, time to clean up a bit. See you!
Good Morning!  Hope your day is going well
It is going well.  I'm considering catching a movie - what will you do today?
I'm working today, looking forward to the weekend and some relaxation.  Too bad football season is over - it's fun to waste away a Sunday watching football!
I agree - Patriots did their job - too bad for the Rams. I think I'll catch a Disney movie - the Ralph and the Internet sounds good - that's a sequel to a movie that was in the works for a long time!
Yep, not a fan of either team, but the Patriots are amazing - probably wont see a run like this again (and they're not done!).  My kids saw Wreck It Ralph 2 and loved it, Disney does a good job
Can the Patriots keep it up forever, that's the key - I think the risks of football are a bit high, however. I'm glad Disney keeps at it. Of course Disneyland, all the hype and all the merchandise, makes movie-making well worth it.
Tom Brady & Bill Bilichek will keep going forever!  Neither wants to be proven that they cant win without the other.  Disney movies are starting to rehash the classics, but like you said - with all the merch, how can you blame them?!?!
Did you ever wonder how TV gets all those great shots of plays at the football games - apparently they use tracking chips embedded in shoulder pads - yikes, someone is always watching you! I liked that commercial about the guy going to heaven and getting the new car from his grandpa - then he woke up and was in his cubicle at work and someone had Heimleched him - so funny!
I've heard about the tracking chips in the pads / on players and I wonder why they don't put a chip in the ball so they know when it breaks the plain of the End Zone?  I don't think I've seen the commercial you mention - was it on during the SB?
Good idea about the end zone. The commercial was in the Super Bowl and cracked me up because when the guy recovered after being apparently gone for a bit - it was back to work  - and he really wanted the car! So funny!
I guess I tuned out the commercials like I tuned out most of the SB game....  and our game of squares was terrible! 
Sounds like you are a big fan - funny fact, an average engineer makes more in his lifetime than the average pro football player - I think engineering is safer.
That doesn't surprise me at all, given the average career in the NFL is less than 3 years and while the superstars make a ton, the average guy doesn't
I think that the political controversies of the past few years hasn't helped the sport too much - some people just want to watch folks play ball. I see the Patriots owner is in trouble today - so that's another negative out there.  Back to Disney - are there any animation films up for oscars this year?
I heard about the massage parlor thing on the radio - shocking!!!  I think Ralph Breaks the Internet is up for an Oscar.  Isle of Dogs will win, I think
Isn't the Incredibles 2 movie out there as well? My kids saw it and liked it - sounds like it had some dark moments too - maybe beyond little kids ages. Speaking of football salaries -a fun fact - in the 60's a professional bowler made more than an NFL player.
My kids like Incredibles 2 too - I just realized my kids see many movies without me....  I wonder how much money top pro bowlers make?  Most of the professional athletes didn't make much money until the TV revenue started rolling in and popularity of the superstars
I'm sure TV had a lot to do with it. Another fun fact - the highest scoring game was in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222 to 0. Ouch.  Poor coach!
Talk about a blow out!  Cumberland folded it's program after that game I bet....  
I bet the coach changed careers after that - how can you carry on with that on your resume. I guess this will be turn 10 - right? Should we wrap it up? Hope you have a good day if that's true. 
Great chatting with you - have a great day!
The Roseanne reboot did not last long did it?
Not with her on it.  I heard it is still going, but maybe under a different name.
The original show was kind of good.  It was not "California" pretty, but showed middle class. Unusual for the day.

Very much so, it also showed real struggles, which didnt happen much either.
I suppose the unreal part of the show is the way we all get to comment.  Sara Silverman "loved" the reboot. There are many others.
Everyone has the right to their opinion.  Sometimes it is just best for those in the public eye to be careful how they state theirs.
So, Rosanne was a trump supporter, the sister was not (on the show).  Do you think that the portrayal of trump supporters was unreal in some way?
I didn't watch it.  But i heard that the portrayal caused some problems, because it treated politics as irrelevant.
Irrelevant must be a hollywood buzzword.  South park, a leader in irrelevance, aired a spoof of family guy, a show about irrelevance.  It makes my whole argument irrelevant.
I wonder if that made the flowers they got from the Simpsons crew.... irrelevant..  LOL
It might have.  I can not remember the episode of Simpsons where Bart neither appears or is mentioned.  Do you know what that one was about?
I dont, honestly I dont even recall that episode.  There are so many of them.
Yes.  There are so many.  The ideas are repeating.  There are over 750 episodes of pokeman, thats 50 a year for 16 years.  Some times you have to end a show when its time.
Yeah, like 15 years ago....  lol
I always wondered who narrated Thomas the Tank Engine.  that was a nice relaxing show.  Those troublesome trucks are at it again.
Well you might recognize some voices, Ringo Star and Alec Baldwin each did 52 episodes.
Then there was George Carlin and the seven words you can never say. 
I love Carlins explanation of the F word as all parts of speech.
That is a classic thing.  He has done a lot over the years.  Do you suppose he would like the 3 horizontal lines for menu items being called a hamburger icon?  Carlin might not have like computers.
Yeah, I just call that the menu button.  I dont know where hamburger came from.
Hamburgers cause me joy.  Constant novelty from clicking links cause addiction.  Maybe there need be no other relation.
How do you feel about internet use these days?
It is very necessary for communication purpose, to known anything happening in the different part of the world. Over all, It is very good.
Did you know that people can become addicted to clicking links on the internet because of the constant novelty?
Yes. We use it whenever necessary otherwise we suffer from it. Online shopping is biggest revenue for all companies through internet.
That's interesting to think about. Did you know that the library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet in case it all falls apart? I wonder what that looks like. What medium do you think it's saved in?
I have no idea about it. 
Seems like you'd need something pretty big to save a copy of the whole internet! I think yesterday was the anniversary of it's invention wasn't it? I though I saw that on Google.
Mobile internet connectivity played an important in access the internet in the recent years. Smartphone play a major role in it.
How that all works is crazy to me, wireless internet still blows my mind. Did you know that you can get 3g cell service at the top of mount everest??
It is very interesting. Email is the important communication service which is available in Internet. Now days postal service is reduced due to it.
I wonder if that's a good or a bad thing ultimately? I know there are a lot of jobs that people aren't interested in having nowadays I wonder if mail carrier is one of them? Also less paper is probably a good thing too right?
Some people stopped reading newspaper, they simply using app for news also. Ordering food through internet. Data sharing is the main feature in the internet. We able to send file to friends, staff etc...
That's interesting, and since everyone carries phones around these days all those things are easy to do
Yes. Television is a mass medium for advertising and entertainment. It earns largest revenue through ads only.
I wonder how that's been affected by netflix these days. 
Lot of changes in size and technology of television, After second world war only black and white television are available. TV serial are very famous and it has large number of fans.
There are a lot of long running shows on TV still surprisingly. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon?
Pokemon is like of most of kids. In early stage, heavy cathode tube can be replaced by the flat panel technology, LCD. There are so many development.
Tv has changed a lot these days you're right! I still remember having a giant heavy TV growing up, and now they are so flat and light!
TV composed of multiple internal circuits include the turner for receiving the decoder for broadcast signals. Now we are using Digital technology, via internet also.
That's true I remember when the converter boxes were a big seller. Did you ever watch That 70's Show?
I had no chance to see it. Very nice chatting with you. Have a great day.
Nice chat! Have a good day
Thanks.
Bye!
The president is the title given to the head of the government.
That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?
Everyone in Finland has the right to an internet connection.
That's interesting, do you think that internet access there is free then?
Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.
That's interesting, well it was nice chatting with you bye!
Bye!
Have a nice day!
The Reskins really need Alex Smith back in locker room and more importantly on the field dont you think
Alex Smith was a great asset. He took the time to really get a feel for people
Its a shame that he is seeing the same troubles as Griffin did. Its uncanny.
He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had
I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away
He was a true professional.
I don't think Smith will be the same even if he does make it back to the field after his gruesome injury. Much like Griffin he might be a back up but thats all
Well at least he will get back up. Thankfully since the NFL uses tracking chips they can track players moves and help avoid crazy injuries
He does have an education to help too; he has a masters degree
Yeah he is clearly smart having earned his degree so quickly
One QB I don't like it Baker Mayfield, I wish he would have stuck to professional gaming instead of football
I'm confused as to why the saints cheerleaders cant eat in the same restaurantas the players that seems like an absurd rule
It is; proof of the hypocrisy of NFL and its rules
You needn't look hard to find proof of that
This year's 17 week season has wrapped up and now its playoff time
I wonder who will be the NFC and AFC champs that will go to the Superbowl in Feb
It is likely that we will only see 11 minutes of actual gameplay no matter who plays
yes no OT this year
Do you think we will ever see a female in the NFL?
Its not against the rules so it is likely someone is raising the first female NFL player as we speak
I hope to see at least a field goal kicker as a woman
Hey there did you ever watch the reboot of Roseanne?
I did not watch the reboot. Was it a good reboot? I do not usually like reboots.
I thought it was ok. It wasn't as good as the original but I did get some laughs out of it., what do you think about the president by the way
I think he has a very orange complexion.
Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana
They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.
See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time
He should have all three slots realistically. He is popular enough for 1st 2nd and 3rd place, like in his beauty contests.
Haha, what do you think they'll about going back to the rules before 1805 where the vice president was the runner-up candidate?
That was some sort of punishment to humiliate the loser. It was there to make sure that the history books recorded the loser in the White House.
Haha well all I know is that having Vice President Clinton would be a very crazy thing with President Trump LOL that would be a lot of drama
I think that it would spark new romance in the Oval Office. The two of them have been making goo-goo eyes at each other for the longest time. She sent him all kind of emails too.
Yeah I would like to see that LOL anyway do you use the internet a lot? Have you ever clicked on a hamburger button before
I click on the hamburger button to order food for my cell. The guards bring it then. It  is not always hamburgers though.
The name hamburger button makes me hungry LOL it even looks like a hamburger because it has three horizontal lines on it
That is the strangest of names for a button. It has no condiments on it? How is that a hamburger? Hm.
Speaking of the internet though, did you know that only 7% of people read the full terms of service online? Maybe there are hidden hamburger buns on that page LOL
The terms are usually written in Chinese or Spanish or something else. that's why people don't read them.
Haha well that makes sense then, have you ever visited Mount Everest by the way? Apparently they do have internet access at the peak
There was a field trip to Mt Everest, but my parents would not sign the permission slip so I did not go. I guess the Internet up there must be pretty pure and natural. 
LOL well maybe I will go one day and take a selfie at the top, at least I know that I will have a working phone with internet access up there
did you know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid TV actor ever?
Hi! No I did not know that, very interesting! I was reading an article about the Patriots Josh McDaniels just might take a coaching position! Do you watch football?
I do  a little bit, I want the patriots to win tomorrow, what about you?
Yes, I don't follow it very much but I definitely like the Patriots. McDaniels has been one of the highest paid coordinator, crazy!
ya that is crazy, did you know that Kellan moore is left handed? hes the only one in the NFL
Wow, you would think there would be more left handers! I like how the NFL has no rules against females if they meet requirements.
ya I was wondering that, I can see a female kicker. to be honest we will probably see that in our lifetime
I hope we do see females in the NFL, but man that is a tough sport and I can't imagine getting tackled. So interesting though that a full football game has only 11 minutes of actual live play...so I guess you could hang in there that long.
yes that is crazy because games take hours to watch, also crazy that the nfl puts special chips in their uniforms so that they can track things like speed and location
I know it is crazy. I didn't know that, very cool! There is so much that goes on during a football game!
there is, I read that baker mayfield was a halo 3 champion and could beat anyone on his campus at that game
Wow, haha that is pretty interesting! I love the quarterbacks in football, they are the best at being a leader for offense, love it!
ya that iss true, do you watch football? do you know who invented the huddle
I watch some football, don't have a lot of time to watch it. I think the huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback so nobody could outside the huddle could read the hand signals.....
haha that is true, I wonder how good he was, I wonder if he could call audibles even though he was deaf
Very interesting thought, how rough would that be to play football while being deaf. So do you watch the superbowl, there's a lot of drama this year about the NFL and superbowl.
that would suck, and yes I'm going to a party tomorrow, i want the patriots to win what about you?
We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!
haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha
Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.
ya he did, I should have followed in his footsteps, and I guess Jon Hamm taught the girl from the office, Erin, when he was a teacher, definitely didn't know that
I am sad the NFL is over until the fall.  Watching the 32 teams compete till there is one final champion is so much fun
Yes, I enjoy going to the games! What are your favorite teams?
I like the Redskins but the 11 minutes of actual gameplay can seem like it takes hours.
lol, I know exactly what you mean! omg its can be so frustrating!
When I was a kid I always wanted to play in the NFL, but my goal of being the first female player was not to be.
Aww, that's a shame, there is no rule against it. Thank goodness! What position do you like?
I always wanted to be a wide receiver but I am pretty sure I would get squashed like a bug.  I do not think the New Orleans Saints would like it though - they seem somewhat anti-women
Yeah, they need to change that rule! That's not acceptable. Isn't it unusual there is only one left handed QB?
That is quite strange,  since leftie pitchers are so common in baseball.
True, What do you think of Brad Johnson throwing a touchdown pass to himself?
I had never heard of that!  Was it batted into the air and he caught it?
Yes, Did you know there was a coach that was a rocket scientist?
No - what team did he coach?  I knew that Alex Smith was a brilliant quarterback who was working on a Masters degree when he was drafted
His name was Matt Patricia an aeronautical engineer. 
Very cool.  I knew there was a deaf quarterback once - that was why the huddle was invented
Yes, so the other teams couldn't see his plays. I agree very cool!
Baker Mayfield almost quit football to competitive game full time - probably a safer occupation than football!
I think your right. Would you watch a show shot in an Ikea store without the store knowing? Called Ikea Heights!lol
Wow I have never heard of that one  I like to watch old episodes of House - I cant believe how much they paid High Laurie for that show
Really, alot? I never watched that. Soap manufacturers sponsoring dramas is why they are called soap opera's!
laugh I never knew that one.  I did know that Jim Carrey has stopped making dramas.
Hi do you watch dramas?
I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?
Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?
Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House
Laurie made lots of money there, $700 000 per episode
That is a  lot. Patrick Stewart also teaches drama in the UK at the master level
Neat. Do you like Jim Carrey?
I sure do he is pretty funny. DO you like him?
I like him a lot and he no longer is doing dramas because they do not project positivity
Have you heard of the show Ikea Heights?
I have not heard of that, WHat channel is it on?
I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know
WOw. Do you like radio dramas?
I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?
Yeah I do and there is a free website where you can listen for free
Nice. Do you know why soap operas are called as such?
Hmm I have no idea, I thought because they are so cheesy, what is the reason?
Actually it is because there were soap manufacturers that sponsored them
Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?
Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?
Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went
Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early

Exactly. Do you watch the NFL games at all?
Are you a fan of drama films? 
I am! I love all genre's
Interesting, have you ever seen house? 
I have seen it, great drama tv series
Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode!!
What? That is insane! Lucky guy lol. So do you follow the NFL at all?
LOL, yeah, it is awesome. I watch NFL every weekend, what about you? 
I like the Nfl but never have any time. I do like the Patriots though. 
Everyone likes the patriots. I heard their owner just got arrested though. 
Really?? I didn't know that. Do you know why?
I do, but it's inappropriate for this chat. Let's just say he was paying for something at an asian spa. 
Ohh....gotcha hahaa, well did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players if they meet all requirments?
Yeah, I can believe that, they don't have too many rules. 
I have to say there can be a lot of drama in football. So who is your favorite team?
My favorite is the Redskins, what about yours? 
Cool, I would have to stick to my home team the Az Cardinals
Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game? 
Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an NFL player...
Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot. 
Right? Did you know they use tracking chips in the players pads?
Yeah, I heard that. To track stats. Well, nice chatting with you. 
do you like drama?
I love it. Did you ever see House MD?
Yes I did, Laurie made $700 000 per episode in that show
Yeah. Do you like Jim Carrey?
Yes he is so funny. Do you know why he does not do drama anymore?
Yes as they do not project positivity

Yes. Do you listen to radio dramas?
Yes sometimes, there is a free website where you can listen to them
Yes. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?
Yes he was chasing the pretty girls who were in drama class
Yeah. DO you like the NFL?
I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?
Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing
Yes as long as they meet the requirements
The average gameplay is only 11 minutes after all
Yeah and we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
Yeah true. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?
Yes they cannot eat in the same place as the players

Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in
Yes it is so sexist and it needs to go by now
I agree. It was nice chatting with you
Do you think Josh is going to take a coaching job somewhere next year?
Sounds possible according to the article. I know nothing about football.
I just don't think it would be with Indianapolis, maybe Denver is more likely
Do we know why he backed out of his job with Indianapolis?
He is still with New England. He should stay with Bellichick and the Patriots
Has Bellichick been there for a long time?
About 12 years now with Brady and Josh
Wow the players have tracking chips embedded in their shoulder pads.  Thats going a bit far isn't it?
No I don't think so. I believe it helps players get better with analytics
Sounds like you are a football fan.  I'm amazed people let their children play anymore now that we know the brain damage it causes
Its is much safer and this next week will bring to a close another safe 17-week regular season
Sure, until the CTE shows up in brain scans years later.  Theres only one left-handed quarterback in the whole league.
I thought there were other left handed QBs like Tebow for instance.
I'm just going by what the factual section says.  And Tebow is a baseball player now isn't he
Not sure but its good that Alex Smith has an education to fall back on now with his major leg injury
I don't know who that is, but if he was drafted in 2005 he's got to be getting kind of old now for football
Maybe Baker Mayfield can be traded and help Alex while he is out with his injury.
Its interesting that the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback
Yeah, that was so the other team couldn't see the hand signals
Yes, so I read.  I wonder if he was actually a pro player
He was, he is in hall of fame
this was intense
If Josh McDaniels leaves the Patriots for the Colts that would be amazing. I'm over the Patriots.
im over them too. i went to  game recently in miami and the amount of pat fans was insane
I guess he backed out of the offer for the colts and stayed with the Patriots.
Yea. They make ne not even want to watch anymore, its not even fun when they win no matter what in the super bowl. give us something different 
Brady said the McDaniels is the best in the league. I am waiting for Brady to retire.
i agree, waiting for the same. 
He's getting old and washed out. I guess its good for McDaniels because the Patriots want to keep him and he's under contract with them.
McDaniels, opted to remain in New England
I bet the Colts were disappointed. 
NFL observers havent forgotten how the Colts' coaching search went down in February. We were disappointed. Unquestionably, we were disappointed and surprised
Well sometimes people want change but they just can't make the leap. Did you know McDaniel was the Denver head coach?
i did not know that 
I guess since he's considered the best in the NFL he will have plenty of teams to choose from.. There's 32 teams... I think...
I believe you are correct. I think its ridiuclous the amount they get paid though. insane
All for entertainment. The super bowl will coming up soon!!
very soon, about a month to go. then they will have so much money blown for advertisement lol
I wonder who will be the half time entertainment? 
i think maroon 5 and travis scot is what i heard 
Travis Scot has gotten very popular since he's with a Kardashian.
oh yes, very true. thats interesting observation 
They bring the Drama. I think Kris is his manager too...
i wouldnt be surprised. ill have to look into it actually, i dont know if you know about conspiracy theories but these bservations make me very curious 
Interesting, conspiracy theories?? I'll have to look into that!!
Yes there are very many involving the kardashians thats for sure.
They practically run hollywood. Heck even the world in some senses. 
yes! exactly very true and kind of scary
Soon they will run the NFL!!! haha
Hi do you watch television?
Yes I watch TV. You? I like the Simpsons and there's only one episode where Bart neither appeared nor was mentioned.
The crew was really nice as well. they set the cast of south park flowers
Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.
Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?
Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.
It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!
Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.
Did you hear about the lady who read the terms this past week and won 10,000. It might be worth doing
Are you kidding me that is amazing! I'm going to start reading them. The current library of Alexandria has saved a copy of the Internet in case it burns down.
I wonder how they saved it. It is just a connection of computers
Yes good point I'm not sure. The three horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
Do you think the president likes hamburgers?
Oh yeah I think every American loves the good old-fashioned hamburger. Maybe not the president of Indonesia though he is busy releasing pop albums.
Thats really cool. I wonder what his stage name is. Can't be as cool as President Banana
Yes I agree Zimbabwe will always hold the title for giving the coolest nickname.
I wonder if the pop albums will help The Indonesian President  become one of the wealthiest
Good question. I'm sure he's trying to catch up with JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
Even our current guy and his claims haven't topped this list!
Yes very true. Maybe one day. The US presidents guest house is larger than the actual White House!
It was nice chatting with you! Have a nice day
Hello there, did you ever watch Roseanne when it was first aired?
I think I was a little too young.  I remember seeing re-runs ... at least the title song and her scratchy voice.
Oh yeah that scratchy voice was so annoying, but the show did have some funny moments. 
What do you remember from the show?  Any interesting plotlines?
Yeah I remember one episode about the daughter using drugs.  I thought it was pretty good. 
Not knowing your background ... did you think it was an accurate portrayal of the issue?  Daughter experimenting and confronted by the typical middle american family?
Well maybe for the typical american middle class family but not for all.  Are you a big fan of tv in general?
I don't have satelite or cable, but I do have netflix and I'll watch some things online if someone recommends it.  It's different from classic TV, but I think it's the modern equivalent.
Oh yeah it is the modern equivalent for sure.  The way people watch is continually evolving. 
What about you?  Do you use internet for TV shows?
No I don't, I have cable, mostly to watch and record live sports programs.  I do find myself still flipping through channels sometimes though. I found this awesome 2 hr program about the beginnings of the American circus which was awesome!
I mostly catch sports summaries on Youtube the next day.  What did you find interesting from that circus show?
I noticed how much fun all of the circus performers were having.  During the depression it was not a bad job to have, even the top women performers earned as much as the men!
I'm glad to hear that it was a diversion from the depression.  It seems like that would be a welcome entertainment for a sad nation.  And one without a political spin to it.
Yeah it was fun entertainment for everyone and it was such an attraction that people couldn't miss it when they would come to town. The motion picture industry beginning hurt a bit though. 
The whole concept of a travelling show, only in town for a short while seems to have evaporated.  Widespread movies, tv and internet entertainment make everything ever-present.  I think it's overload.
Yeah the times have changed for sure.  Like you said earlier too with Netflix and all changing television now as well. 
Do you think there would be a benefit (societal, not economic) to having regional releases and a more staggered release of shows, even movies?
Maybe, but I think it's best to just let the market decide things for itself.  I think you just have to continually evolve to stay relevant no matter what the business. 
Yes, the market forces will be stronger ... I don't think it would change at all.  I just feel bad not "keeping up" with shows and such, so I can't talk about it with friends if I'm "behind".
Yeah I hear ya, there are shows that I still have yet to see an episode and everyone watches it.  Nice talking to you today. 
hello did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house?
Hi, I had heard that.  I guess he wants his guests to be very comfortable?  I've seen the White House and it is small, I've seen bigger private homes.
Oh nice,  I have never seen it.
I went on a school trip as a kid.  It was small to me even then- still impressed me- just small.
Did you know the president of indonesia had 3 pop albums?
Wow, he must not be too busy being president, if he has time to make Pop albums.  Lol
yes, right.  I guess running the country was easy for him. 
Do you know who the top 3 wealthiest US presidents were?
Yes, Trump, Washington and Jefferson lol I looked it up months ago on Google.  
Cool, I figured Trump was on that list, at the top! 
Did you know there is 3g cell service at the top of mt. everest?
No, but it makes sense, people have to be able to post those selfies they take at the top of the world!
Thats true!  If there no pic it didnt happen lol
Exactly!  I hear the current Library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet in the event something happens to it.
Thats a good idea!  I cant go back to living without internet lol 
Me either, what did people do?  Sit around and talk to each other face to face? Lol
Dont be ridiculous. We used cans and string to talk to each other. 
Lol, the internet has many good uses, but all that clicking on links can cause real addiction in some people.
Oh wow,  well I hope they have some support groups for this addiction. 
Probably do, they just need to click a link on the internet.
Isnt that feeding the addiction though lol
Good for business and business is good.  Sad but true!  Well, it's been nice chatting with you.  Hope you enjoy your day.
Have a good one,  nice chatting with you.
hey there, do you watch NFL?
I do watch the NFL. 32 teams in the league. I'm a Bears fan. One bad kick ended it for my team this year. 
did you know women can play too if they qualify?
I had heard that. I recently discovered that they use tracking chips in players pads and the football. 
Yeah, I wonder what kinds of statistics and vitals they are collecting and using it for
Apparently it's just tracking every movement accurately. But I wonder why they are not using that data to make calls instead of just relying on reviews?
I am not sure some things are really strange with the nfl sometimes like that rule for the new orleans cheerleaders
I find that rule very upsetting. It seems quite sexist to me that if a cheerleader is eating first and a player enters she has to leave. 
I know, it is so sexist and unnecessary. women can play if they qualify but cannot each at the same place? weird
Yes it's very upsetting. I'm not surprised that since the Brown were reintroduced in 99, Ben Roethlisberger is the QB with the most wins in their stadium. 
yeah. On another tipic, do you like drama?
I definitely do. How about yourself?
me too. I really like the tv drama House. did you ever watch it?
I've seen a few episodes. Wasn't Hugh Laurie well paid for that>
Very much so. he made $700 000 per episode, imagine that
That's crazy! Do you like Jon Hamm?
I love Jon Hamm, have you seen his SKip The Dishes commercials?
I did not but I'm sure I will end up looking that up on YouTube today now ha ha. He taught drama at his old high school before he was famous and one of his students was Ellie Kemper from The Office and Unbreakable Kimmy Scmidt!
Oh y no wonder she is so funny too. What a coincidence. 
Strange how things happen. Patrick Stewart teaches Drama now. He teaches master classes in the UK. He would be amazing to learn from. 
Oh wow good for him. it was nice chatting with you
hello, how are you?
Hi, great.  You?
same. what is your favorite article?
This was cool to read.  Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
That is crazy. Also it says that nfl has no written rule against female player. I can't picture a woman playing such a sport
I saw that also.  I agree.
I recall once a girl tried to get on the football team of my highs school. It didnt work out well. Had to quit
Really?  Did she get blasted?
She did for sure. She was only 5 feet tall!
I'm glad to hear they treated her with respect, as an equal player.  An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this pathetic? 
Yeah, that's pretty crazy.  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.
Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be
I'm not sure.  I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally 
True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?
Not really.  I've played but I'm terrible at it.  The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day.
looks intriguing. There is a golf course in dubai that requires 4,000,000 gallons of water a day!. I would love to see that 
Wow, me too.  Samuel l. jackson puts a golf clause in his film contracts that allows him to play golf twice a week during production.
Now, that's smart
Haha, yep it is.
It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day
You as well.  Have a great day.
thanks
Do you watch Football? 
I do, what about yourself?
I watch it. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game? 
Only 11 minutes! I want a refund for my tickets sir, that seems like a scam, pay so much for only 11 minutes
Yeah, it is a crazy short amount of time. Most of it is standing around and watching them call plays. 
I still like the game, pro players make a lot of money for only 11 minutes of gameplayM
They sure do, but they also take a big beating on their bodies. That is for sure. 
They end up with injuries and brain damage that is a sad thing, 
Yeah, they might be better off playing Golf. 
I agree or maybe bowling, I hear pro bowlers earned twice as much top football stars made back in the 60s
Back in the 60s is the key point there. I could see that, but not today. 
It was a popular sport back then as well, must be fun to visit the locker room of the University of Iowa
Yeah, I heard they painted it pink. 
Yeah its painted pink , well for the visitor team at least, I wonder if that actually works?
I wonder if that is done to embarass them? I don't think it would work, it would probably just make them mad. 
I know right, I would feel mad about it like a disrespectful thing, did you ever hear about Benjarvus Green Ellis?
No, who is that? Is he a player with the NFL? 
He is a player for the Patriots, well former player, he was a RB
Interesting, was he any good at the position, or no? 
Yeah he is a leyend I think his the only RB in the league to have the record of no fumbles
WOW! That is cool. Well nice chatting with you!
Are you a sports fan by any chance?
i do like sports. i dont get much chance to watch these days. you?
I enjoy a few. Did you know that Babe Ruth was America's most famous golfer at one point?
i bet it didnt hurt that he was a great baseball player. he could any ball a mile.
I didn't realize he was so multi-talented. Did you know that on average American golf courses consume 312,000 gallons of water per day?!
that is an insane amount of water for just a bunch of grass. i wonder how much that costs actually.
I agree it's a huge waste. One in Dubai uses 4,000,000 per day!
rich people have their priorities. i could never afford to play golf, i think.
It is expensive. I feel like that water could be put to so much better use especially in a place like Dubai that has an arid climate. 
i guess the oil makees them rich and money changes peoples perception of reality. in the future they might regret the waste.
Good point and I'm sure they will. Also interestingly. in America golf courses make up more land space that Rhode Island and Delaware combined. 
i wonder how many people in the us actually play golf. its a good sport for business but i think the cost must be prohibitive.
With the price of equipment and fees it is very expensive. Do you enjoy football?
i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?
I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?
i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.
Possibly. An engineer makes more in a lifetime than a football player. Knowing that, which career would you choose?
well, i am opposed to concussions and injuries, so would probably go with engineer.
I agree. It would be  so much easier on your body.
Or i could just be a supermodel. not many concussions either. Anyway, nice chat!
That is true. It definitely pays well also. Nice talking to you as well. 
hi, how are you? do you like sports?
Hi! I do love sports, particularly football and golf! Although with football, I wish the games were longer as there's really on 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average each game. What about you?
I watch football toward the end of the season. i try to catch the super bowl. i didnt see it this year though.
Yeah the Super Bowl is always a great game! I also wish the seasons were longer as well as the regular season is only 17 quick weeks long from the beginning of September all the way to late December. It truly does fly by, sadly!
yeah, but each game is probably pretty tough on the body. i figure that it is pretty hard to get through the season without an injury.
That is a good point. I wonder if those tracking chips they are sticking in the players' shoulder pads to record their every move can hopefully be used to study how to prevent injures?
Yeah, that is what i hope. the concussion/CTE problem is serious, and probably starts long before the pros.
Agreed and that is so true! I've always wondered why no female players have been signed by any teams since they can actually play as long as they meet the eligibility requirements, but seeing as how dangerous it is, I don't blame the women really!
yeah, the physical tools needed for the game are rare. i dont think women get that big. maybe a kicker?
Maybe so! But then again, if they're doing it simply for the money, they'd be better off entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players anyway!
true. we need more people in STEM, especially women. Fewer concussions in engineering too.
 You are so right about that! On a similar note, did you know the top bowlers made double what the top football players made back in the 1960s? That is just wrong considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is.
i think the nfl was getting going and maybe there wasnt a players union yet. the bowlers were quite lucky
Indeed they were. I just think of talented players like Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career and how he would have been ripped off if he played during that era!
Yeah, the game generates so much cash. people think the players get too much, but the career is short.
Good point! But the game has come so far since then. I love the innovative yellow first down line that ESPN created and won an Emmy for. I couldn't watch a game without it now!
the superimposed graphics make a big difference to the viewing experience. 
Indeed it does! Since we're on the subject of sports, do you also like golf? I think it's crazy Babe Ruth of all people was once the most famous golfer in the US. He was like the Jack of all athletic trades. Ha!
he could smack a ball a country mile! Anyway, great chat!
Ha! But what I find crazier than that is the courses in America all make up more land space than the states of Delaware and Rhode Island combined. That is unbelievable! Well it was great chatting with you as well! Hope you have a wonderful day, friend!
Yeah, we devote a lot of land to recreation. Have a good day!
Indeed we do! So much so, the average course consumes roughly 312k gallons of water each day. I hope you have a good day as well! Take care, friend!
Are you a big golf fan?
I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?
I played more when I was younger and had more free time.  I'm a bigger football fan.  Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink?  Must have been to mess with opponents minds. lol
Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.
True.  I agree.  Did you know that in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of the day?  I bet that number is reversed now.
Haha, I bet the division is way more than twice the amount now, too. It's much better to be an engineer, these days, though.
I agree on the engineer part.  Probably because they have longer careers.  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line on tv?
Yeah, that line makes watching the game on TV much easier.
I agree.  Out of the 32 NFL teams do you have a favorite?  I'm a Steelers fan.
I'm a Cowboys fan, myself, even though we'll never make it to the Super Bowl again, it seems.
They will get there again.  That's a big stadium they have and a huge scoreboard!
Haha, well if that's what it takes to make it to the Super Bowl, Cowboys have it in the bag! We still miss old school Romo, I think. He was good in the beginning.
Yes.  He got beat up there the last few years.  I think if it wasn't for that things would have turned out better.  I was just reading that there are only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay in an average NFL game.  I kind of was always curious of how much they actually played.
Yeah, and they put all these tracking chips in everything!
Kind of scary when you think about it.  I often wonder what household products they put these chips in.  I know someone who works for a lighting company and they said their company has developed chips that are in lights that can record audio and video and you wouldn't even know the chips were there...plus they cost virtually nothing to make.
I'm not surprised, everything is connected to an app you can talk to so of course things are constantly listening. Even small chips have to communicate to each other somehow.
Scary.  Makes you wonder if the chips in the footballs could be programmed to be attracted to the chips in the shoulder pads of the wide receivers.
Maybe it's another deflate-gate all over again! They could be in the footballs, and able to change the pressure!
Interesting point to ponder over. Hmmm... I was looking at some golf course things and the average American course uses 312,000 gallons of water per day!  Holy smokes!  
Yeah, it's incredibly wasteful. There's one in Dubai that uses four million. Anyway, it's been fun talking to you about sports!
I enjoyed it!  Have a good day!
Do you watch football? 
How yes I watch football from time to time,  I saw the super bowl this year, what about you
I did, it was pretty boring this year though. 
Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL
Interesting, do you play golf? 
I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think
I suck at it, but we drink beer and smoke cigars on the course. 
Well that's cool. I have played half rounds of golf and I think that nine holes is the perfect amount, I also never knew that the actual hole for golf is only 4 and 1/4 inches in diameter
That is a fact I didn't know. I can't believe a golf course consume 312,000 gallons of water a day. 
Yeah that is a lot! speaking of a lot, did you know that the usa has more golf courses than the rest of the world put together
I can believe that, it is a big sport over here. Not so much everywhere else. 
They do have courses worldwide though, for instance in Australia in the water hazards they put bull sharks inside LOL
That is pretty cool actually, what course is that? 
The name but I do know it's in Australia. I think it's kind of a waste that United States military actually runs over 200 golf courses around the world
Eh, I think the military people don't have such a good time. I'm all for letting them have some spoils. It's a rough life, I have a few friends that do it. Always moving places. 
Well I would have to see these courses, it does cost taxpayers $140 a year which I think is a lot, it's interesting though to that Antarctica has disc golf courses
Wow, that's not too bad in the grand scheme of things. They do have to have some leisure time. I've never been to antarctica, have you? 
No but I do play disc golf so maybe I will make it over there one day LOL its funny that Kim Jong ill is said to have scored 11 hole in Ones in one day
Wait, what is Disc Golf? I've never heard of this?
Disc golf involves throwing a frisbee into these chain like goals, its actually really fun!
Oh, interesting.. I've never heard of this, will have to check it out. Nice chatting with you. 
Hi, do you prefer golf or football? Odd, Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer. You don't see golf mixed with other sports very often.
I like both!  Did you know that the average American golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day?
That crazy to me, if there's any credence to climate change that's a lot of wasted water. Plus land, more area in the US in golf courses than  Rhode Island and Delaware combined. 
That's a lot of land!  There is a golf course in Dubai that needs 4 million gallons of water per day.  
My point on wasted water, especially if climate change drives more heat in the atmosphere. Crazy. Odd how sports have changed, you see where the Top Bowler (I assume Dick  Weber being that old) made twice as much as the top football stars? Times have changed.
Yes they sure have.  Did you hear about what the University of Iowa did to their visitors locker room?
I hate to admit it, but I got a Writing degree at the University of Iowa, I didn't know about that then. I wonder if that was to pysche them out, or distract them during game preparation? I'm not aware of many Big 10 championships there so it must not have been totally successful. I see that there's no rule against women playing in the NFL, do you think there will  ever be a female place kicker? I've seen some amazing female soccer players.
I think we will see one at some point.  What do you think of the superimposed yellow first down line that ESPN created and won an emmy for?  It sure changed the way we watch the game on tv.
I thought Emmy's were awards for people, I hope it was to the guy at ESPN who invented it and yes does give you visualization at first down yardages. Did you see where the average engineer makes more in his lifetime that the average NFL and MLB player? There must be a lot of injury shortened and short careers to bring the big money players contracts.
My guess would be because the engineer has a longer career.  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
That 222-0 Georgia Tech over Cumberland, a shame they didn't have a 10 run rule like little league baseball on that one.
That's what I call a blowout!  
Hahha and then some. Did you know there's only 11 minutes of live play in the NFL game. I guess that good when you think about injuries and the wear and tear on the players bodies and more commercial time to boot!
Seems like a short amount of time and yet they stretch it out to 3 hours.  lol  What do you think of the tracking chips that the NFL is putting in the players shoulder pads and footballs to track data?
I don't understand why they'd need them on the players, on the ball it seems like they'd be able to track out of bounds, pass the goal line and first downs with that chip. They could either check on the referee's performance or eventually make that the deciding ball placement. I see a lot of use in the tracking chip in the ball.
I agree.  Here's an interesting stat: Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.  Impressive!
Yes, I moved to the Boston area 4 years ago so I'm in the heart of Patriot Football and they talk about a lot of football facts year round, but I'd never heard that and that is impressive (assuming he had a normal amount of carries).I knew about Canadian Football, rugby and Austrian rules, had you ever heard about Gaelic Football? I'm not familiar.
I can't say that I'm familiar with Gaelic football.  I've never heard of it.
That makes two of us, how about those Saints. The don't allow their cheerleaders to dine in the same restaurant as the players and if a player comes in the establishment while the cheerleader is eating, she has to immediately leave. That seems sexist at least and maybe illegal/discriminatory. 
That seems like the oddest rule.  It's been fun chatting with you!
Yes I enjoyed, thank you and have a pleasant evening.
You also have a pleasant evening!
Hey you a golf fan? I'm not a huge fan just cause it is considered more of a country-club sport.
No. I find it kind of boring. I know tiger woods is really good guess.
Yeah he is definitely one of the best. It is popular though. Golf courses take up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined!
Tiger vs phil Mickelson was on Thanksgiving weekend.
Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!
Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course
Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!
That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined
I bet. Did you know Samuel L. Jackson loves golf? He plays twice a week.
Never would have thought that. There are bull sharks in one of the water hazards in Australia golf course
Whoa scary. It is interesting that it doesn't utilize a standard playing area.
18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.
Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.
Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.
Yes the top ones. Wonder if there will ever be a woman player because there is no rule against it!
Maybe as a kicker. Did you know they put tracking chips in the football
Oh interesting what is that for? They also don't make as much money as people think.
To track statistics I guess. Yeah I heard engineers make more in their life time 
Yes they do! An average NFL game only has actually 11 minutes of gameplay.
Matt Patricia is a coach but also a rocket scientist!
What a smart man. Wow. The cheerleaders in New Orleans cannot eat with the players-unfair for them!
Hi there, do you enjoy watching football?
I do enjoy football. Professional but not college so much. 
I think college games are fun to attend if you're actually in college and can do the associated partying, but yes, I agree that pro games are more enjoyable to watch. There's that 17 week regular season, plus the addition of the the playoffs.
Yes and with pre-season and the Superbowl it gets long. Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team?
That's interesting--I guess it wasn't a rap, I doubt the fans would have been able to stick to that flow haha. Musicians want to be athletes and athletes want to be musicians, so I guess he gets the best of both worlds. The second-best job for athletes is commentator, though, like those of a lot of football players.
I have noticed that a lot of players go on to be commentators. Did you also know that the highest paid Department of Defense employees are three football coaches of the service branch?
That makes sense, I guess, although I doubt they'll ever make the money that coaches of Power 5 schools do or be able to trade up to the NFL. I also doubt that any of their players go on to the NFL, but the average lifetime earnings of an engineer (which a lot of students at the academies study) are higher than that of an average NFL player anyway.
I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body. 
Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!
That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?
That's crazy! Although I went to college at Florida, so I'm actually pretty familiar with huge stadiums. Did you know that the highest scoring football game was a college matchup when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916?
Wow! How is it even possible to score that many points in one game?!
I'm sure it wasn't a fair fight, given how new the game was back then. They definitely didn't have TV for watching, let alone the superimposed yellow first down line created by ESPN that earned them an Emmy.
I'm so glad that invented that. Did you know that the NFL has tracking chips in players shoulder pads and the football?
It's amazing that they can use technology to analyze the game so precisely. Can you imagine if there were chips in golf balls to measure all of those movement metrics?
That would be amazing. I do wonder why they do not use these chips when making calls instead of relying just on reviews. 
It's still a game rooted in tradition, I guess, plus someone could probably hack and manipulate the data--that's a can of worms you don't want to open! Plus the reviews take up so much of the time; that's part of the experience, and how people spend over 3 hours watching a game in which there are only an average of 11 minutes of live play.
I suppose so. You mentioned gold earlier. Do you enjoy golf?
I've never even played on a proper course haha. I have terrible hand-eye coordination, nor the patience to be any good. It also seems like a kind of waste of land--golf course in America take up more space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined!
That is a waste of land. Did you also know that the U.S. has more golf courses than the rest of the world combined?
We have a lot of excess, don't we? The average American gold course consumes 312,000 gallons of water daily, but that's only the fraction of a course in Dubai that requires more than 4 million gallons. It's pretty wasteful everywhere.
That's horrible and a huge waste. So many go without drinkable water. 
Hi, how are you?
Hi im doing great how about you?
I'm good, thanks for asking.  Do you like football?
I like watching it sometimes,  I guess it depends on who is playing lol how about u?
Me too, the games can get kind of long to watch.  The last Super bowl I watched was over three hours long.
Thats so weird, especially since its only 11 min of game play
I know, it makes me mad, sometimes to think about that. A lot of wasted time standing around.  Lol
yeah they take a lot of time outs. 
Do you have a favorite team?
I like the 49ers,  How about you?  Did you know in the 60's top bowlers made almost twice as much as football players?
Don't hate me, my team is the New England Patriots.  I know a lot of folks despise them, but that's where I grew up. Lol I can't believe that about bowlers, who watched that?  Bowling is like watching paint dry.
lol no worries,  I don't follow football religiously, so I wont hate you for your team that cheats lol 
Lol, hey we do have a lot of good players.  One of our former players, running back Benjarvis Green- Ellis never fumbled in his whole career!
I did read about that ,  very impressive.  Thats gotta be a record or something.  He doesnt play for the patriots anymore though.  
Have you heard about the chips the NFL puts in the player's shoulder pads?
Yeah I have thats really crazy,  I had no idea,  technology is everywhere lol Good idea though to track stats. 
They also have chips in the balls, too.  Wonder if they have a searchable database for all this info?
Like for the public?
Yeah, I think that would be interesting to look at the data for my favorite players.
Oh I see.  hmmm google it! That would be interesting to see,  or maybe the opponents would use it against them
And vice versa, kind of like high tech spying.  Lol No, they probably keep that data locked up tighter than your bank account info. Lol
lol well it would be fair game,  if everyone is using it against each other lol Its been great talking to you,  have a good one. 
Do you like watching football?
I do.  I watched the last superbowl on tv.
I did too but mostly just because I wanted to go to a party. I probably won't watch football until the next superbowl on the first Sunday of February of next year.
It is nice to be able to talk about it with coworkers and friends.  Do you know that lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than lifetime earnings of an average nfl player.
That is surprising. And in the 1960s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
I am surprised.  Football players (top ones) make much more money than bowlers now.
Yeah, people do really love their football. I don't really, maybe because there are only about 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
Americans love NFL games. Do you know that it has 32 teams divided equally between NFC and AFC?
No, I did not know that. Football has come a long way. The technology is awesome. Now shoulder pads and balls have trackers.
NFL uses tracking chips to record every move by players.
The footballs track rotation, velocity, ball speed and location. Pretty neat.
It is neat.  That way, the teams can strategize their games.
I wonder if there will ever be any women playing in the NFL. There are no explicit rules against female players.
There is no rule but I do not think most women are interested in joining American football teams.  This type of football is too physical, unlike soccer.
Some NFL players have just incredible talent. RB Bejarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career
That is incredible.  I need to read more about him.
Do you like baseball too?
It is rather boring to me.  I have never watched world series, even on tv.
You are not alone. The women's world cup had higher TV ratings than the world series in the US.
I am glad that I'm not alone.  I feel bad since my best friend is into it.
Baseball is actually the only sport I like to watch, but it has to be in person. I like the atmosphere.
How's it going, do you follow football, there is a total of 32 teams
I dont usually, Im more of a baseball fan. Its really interesting that women are technically allowed to participate though
Yea, since there is no rule against them playing I can see a female place kicker in the NFL one day
I bet she would kick butt too. Shame that the new orleans cheerleaders cant have dinner with an NFL player though
yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist
I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though
Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol
So I dont know much about football, but the highest game score ever being 222 to zero seems ridiculous
Yea, I know Georgia tech is typically a good team but Cumberland must have been awful
So what do you think about baseball, its funny that the cubs were the first to win the series back to back but never won again lol
It's great to watch with some beer. It's crazy Babe Ruth was caught stealing in game 7 of the 1926 world series
Hey when youre down by one run, sometimes you gotta go for it. Didnt work well for him though lol
Just seems like a bad decisions to steal home since Babe wasn't exactly light on his feet
Very true. Possibly almost as bad as the marines carrying in the Canadian flag upside down
Maybe the US marines corps were trying to get in the Blue Jays heads
Ohh, clever! Can you believe the ottoman empire was still a thing when the cubs last won? I know weve been waiting a while but yeesh
That's pretty crazy, plus the cubs were the first team to win back to back world series too
It amazes me they ever won at all, they always get so close but not quite there
Yea, it's crazy that the AL had won more world series than the NL
It is, I've never heard of it referred to as the Fall classic either
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Hello how are you?
im good how are you/
Im good. Not feeling well today. unfortunately. Just reading about foot ball. You?
Yeah i couldn't watch the super bowl it was pretty boring. 
Im not a huge fan of football. Are you a big fan or just watch in passing
Haven't been watching myself just the bowl. Apparently there is no written rule that women can't play.
I dont think there should be a rule that woman cant play. 
I don't either, sure would change the dynamic of the game though. Would be interesting to say the least. 
I can see where it would get difficult with peoples own morals and such. A lot of men don't want to hit a woman and then there is a woman in the field they have to hit....Would be interesting
Of course. Apparently they have added tracking chips in the pads of the players.
Really? WHy did they do that?
To track and record moves, soon will be watching drones play the game. 
Thats interesting. I bet it is for like the screen replays where thye use markers
Maybe. Did you know that an average game on has 11 minutes of live game play.
I did not know that. What is the rest, ads?
Not sure probably.
thats ridiculous. Did you see the half time this year?
no i did not watch it.
I think it wasnt very good. I feel like they have all been blah. the last good superbowl half time was katy perry
If you say so, haha! Did you know that the university of Iowa's visiting locker room is painted pink?
Is that for breast cancer? or intimidation?
Intimidation i'm sure.
I think its funny that a color can be used for that...
In the 1960's top bowlers made more than top NFL Football players, twice as much!
bowling! I saw that and it is a bit crazy to think bowlers made money like that
I know right! Nice talking with you.
Do you enjoy football?
I love NFL, and you?
I love football too. I used to play pickup football with my friends or with my family all the time, but not so much anymore. I love watching NFL though! Did you know there's actually no rule against women playing in the NFL?
If they can ball they can play lol
Exactly! Only if they can pass the eligibility requirements though. I'd love to see some women take on Tom Brady!
The university of iowa visitor locker room is already pink.
True! I bet it's to make the opposing team feel emasculated. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player? Even if they're already there first. They would have to leave! 
What if the NFL player was female then?
That's so true. I wonder... the rule sounds pretty misogynistic anyway. I wonder if there can be a male cheerleader. 
Did you know espn invented the yellow line?
I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.
To them it is still a show I guess.  In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero
What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!
If I were cumberland, the losing team, I would have given up by the first quarter!
Exactly! Imagine being on that team and realizing you're going down in history as the biggest defeat ever!
In the 60;s, pro bowlers made more than football players
Wow, that's odd. Today, engineers make more than the average NFL player over their lifetime. Maybe I should invest in some more education!
I have heard that.  I think it is a little misleading because the average NFL career is only 3-4 years and they still have time to find a career at 24 or 25 years old lol.
That's a fair point. Do you like the Patriots? I'm a big Giants fan so I don't like the Patriots very much. Did you know that in one of the past Super Bowls between the Giants and the Patriots, the Giants ACCIDENTALLY scored a touchdown and won the game when they were trying to not score a touchdown?
I hate the patriots.  That is amazing about the Giants.  Beat them alleged Cheaters every time!  The are the Lannisters of the NFL.
Yeah I heard that the author of Game of Thrones called them that. I hate Bill Belichick, although he is the "winningest" coach in NFL postseason.
Yeah I know.  Enough is enough...I hope he goes back to the Browns haha.  Take care
Yes, back to the Browns where he belongs!
Hello
Hi. The NFL seems to be at the end of its days.
That's what people seem to be saying everywhere, but I don't know.  They have gotten through scandals and issues before.  I'm not counting them out yet.
What about the problems with the NCAA though? The NFL needs the players.
I get that and it is valid, but it's like any sport.  If 1 person quits, there are 5 waiting to take their place.   If players don't want to play, then they should move along.
What about the fans though. People might get bored of a game when the quality goes down.
That is true.  Everything runs in cycles though.  I liken it to a losing team having an empty stadium and a winning team selling out.  Fans are fickle.  Their... our views are important, but we come and go.
I wonder whether letting women into the game would create interest, get more fans.
Oh, it absolutely would.  It would be like... and I know I am going to butcher the name here, but when Manon Reheaume played in the NHL.  My only concern is that if mishandled it might come off like a gimmick.
I see your point. Long term, will women stay? True.
I feel like... there are enough talented women athletes out there, that a woman kicker or QB is possible, perhaps a wide receiver.
Women can be tough too. Would a coach like Bill Belichick hire a woman if she could help him win the Super Bowl?
This is going to come off sounding bad, but it isn't meant to.  I think anyone in the front office would look at it from the perspective of generating revenue and views.  The sponsors would love the coverage.
Belichick has done well in the post season, so I think he's looking at it from a strategic point of view. The sponsors would tie her presence into a bunch of social issues and products.
Oh absolutely.  Belichek is looking at it from the right angle too.  He wants to win, that's what he is paid for.  I think the guy would hire a green Martian if he thought it would guarantee an extra TD.
Tom Brady and Belichick have done well together. I wonder how Brady would react to a woman in the huddle.
What a combo those two are.  While I'm not a huge fan of Brady, I do think that he is enough of a professional to be able to adapt if a scenario like that ever actually took place.
I wonder whether the male players would get jealous of the coverage she gets. If there is revenue sharing, they might not care because they make more $
I think they almost certainly will. It happened in NASCAR when Danica Patrick joined. Then after they get used to it, it will gradually get to be a normal thing. They will adapt to it.
Wow, she is awesome. The violence of the NFL is a bit different though. I wonder if the male players might be hesitant to smash her hard.
This is true.  That is one thing they will certainly have to adjust to. 
hello,  do you watch football?
Are you a New England Patriots fan?
lol no I am not.  Did you know there is no written rule against female players?  women are allowed to play football. 
And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho
George rr martin calls the Patriots the lannisters of football lol
Haha that is hilarious! I agree with George RR Martin! Did you know that the highest scoring game in football was 222-0? That blows my mind!
Yeah thats pretty crazy,  that is a devasting loss.  
It certainly is! I can't imagine being the losing team. I can't fathom any team scoring 222 points tho either! 
I know right.  I hope they use that game as a training to never suffer that embarrassing moment again lol 
Haha I hope so too! I'm surprised that espn won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing the first down. I had no clue!
That is cool.  I also didnt know that the NFL uses tracking chips on the players 
Oh wow, I didn't know that either. It certainly seems like a lot of science and tech are involved in the game.
yeah technology has contributed a lot to it,  now they have all that fancy stuff on the tv for people at home.  They can draw on the screen and light up certain parts.  I heard there was once a coach that was a physics teacher. 
That's really interesting. And yea, they can certainly do all kinds of things for the viewers at home to see. I've heard that nfl engineers make more in their lifetime than the nfl players. That's hard to believe given how much the players gets paid!
I know right.  Ridonkulous amount of money! id rather be the engineer,  less injuries lol   In the 60s bowlers used to make more than nfl football players lol 
Haha yea I rather be the engineer too! And wow, bowlers?! No way! Haha 
I guess football wasnt very popular back then lol 
I guess. I know my grandparents were very serious bowlers haha They only brought home trophies, not cash tho!
Same here,  my grandparents are big into bowling,  a lot of trophies,  my dad is in a league but its just for fun 
That's cool. I always thought it was fun to go bowling. 
lol well its been good chatting,  have a good one. 
Do you watch football?
Sometimes, but there is not much action in a game, only 11 minute, don't you think ? 
Yeah that doesn't seem like a long time I think much of the time is taken by ads that makes me angry.
Do you like the other kinds of football ? Like soccer or rugby ? 
Soccer is my favorite, I also like rugby, what about you?
Neither one, they are not televised where I live. I have played soccer when I was young. It was fun. Do you watch soccer or play it ?
I like to watch it and play it, is football telivised, do you have a favorite team?
Yeah, I like the New England Patriots, they are the nearest  team from where I live. There are great even if most people don't like them.  
They are my favorite team so Im not one of them lol, the author of Game of Thrones reffer to them as the Lanisters of the NFL, thats funny
I don't follow Games Of Thrones, is it a good thing or a bad thing ?
Its a bad thing, well its the most powerful family on the show but they are cruel,
That is kind of fitting for them, they are really a football dynasty. 
They are, they are the team with the most Superbowls won but they also share the record for Superbowl losses
How do you think they will honor Bill Belichick when he retires ? He is a legendary coach.  
He is, he is  the winningest coach of a postseason, I bet he is in the hall of fame, I hope he stays in the team for a while more.
They can't retire his number, they won't name a new stadium in honor, I guess coaches are made to be forgotten. 
That seems kind of sad, they are the head of the team after all, a team can be good but if they have a bad coach they will paly terribly.
But there is one thing that bothers me with the Patriots, its is the name of their stadium, Gillette Stadium, it is kind of tacky. 
The stadium should have a better name I agree, it must be really expensive though, 
Yeah Gillette must pay a lot to be associated with the Patriots. Yet most of the money don't go to the players, an engineer will earn more in his life time than the average NFL player.  
Well that might be because an engineer works twice as much years as a football player, but its a suprising stat since football players earn tons of cash
How's it going, do you follow football? Depending on the country it could refer to rugby or soccer
Love NFL football!
Me too,glad espn invented the yellow first down line for games, makes watching it so much better
Espn won emmy for that
Yea, that's pretty cool. Kinda funny that a 3 hour football game only has an average of 11 minutes of gameplay
I did not know that 14 of the 25 largest stadium belong to college football
I wonder if the University Iowa stadium is on that list, funny enough the painted the visitors locker room pink
Not that pink is for females only but there is no rule against a female playing
Since theres no rules against female players I wonder if there will be a female placekicker in the nfl soon
I think we would need to see one in college or Canadian first.
I think there was already one in college called Cumberland, they lost to Georgia Tech 222-o
Wow, lucky for the Patriots that happened a long time ago.
I'm not a big patriot fan, they are the Lannisters of the NFL
I think they cheated the Raiders with the tuck rule, they underinflated balls, and they recorded others practices.  Who knows what else?
Belichick is considered the coach with the most post season wins in history 
I did not know belichick coached the browns.
Yea and Belichick even won a postseason game with the Browns
His only other playoff win with another team.
It's crazy that the Bills and Patriots have each lost 4 Super Bowls
All of their wins and losses were by 3 or 4 points too
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Hello, What's your favorite football team?
Hey! I have always like the Dallas Cowboys!
Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game happened in 1916, when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0
Holy cow that's a high score!!! They must have been scoring everytime they touched the ball!
haha Probably, I bet Cumberland university will never forget that game
I bet not.I know I wouldn't if I played for them. I heard the average lifetime earnings for an NFL player is lower than that of an engineer
really, that's interesting. In addition to that, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars in the 60's.
Football is a fun sport, but with the relatively low pay and the injury rate, it makes me wonder why people would want to do it.
Yeah I'm not sure,did you know that the locker room for visiting football teams is completely Pink at the University of Iowa.
HAHAHA! Now that is hilarious! What an awesome thing to do! lol
ahaha it is funny,I will definitely look it up.
Bill Belichick is the winningest NFL postseason coach. No wonder with the Patriots!
Yeah he had 20 wins with the Patriots. The author of games of thrones called the new England Patriots the NFL's Lannisters.  
Eww, incest galore!
excuse me?
The Lannister reference...it's from Game of Thrones, and that family was incestual to keep the blood line "pure"
Oh ok, I'm sorry I didn't understand. The new Orleans saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as NFL players. 
Well that's crazy! I'd say it was sexist, but there isn't any rule in the NFL that females can't play.
yeah that's right, well It's been nice talking with you.
You too!
bye
Hi, how are you today? Do you follow football?
I'm good, thanks for asking.  Yes, I watch a little football.  How about you?
I try to watch playoffs, maybe the Super Bowl. Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
OMG, I could swear that last Superbowl I watched lasted three hours.  So much wasted time!
Yeah, that halftime show really stinks up the joint too. The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. Can you imagine a woman in the Super Bowl?
That would liven things up, maybe it wouldn't seem so long, then? I would watch those linebackers!  
Maybe that should be a punishment for someone. They have to play in the NFL against a linebacker.
That's a good idea, I think it would be a good deterrent. What do you think the NFL does with all the data they collect from those chips in the players shoulder pads?
They probably use ti for strategy. Maybe to help predict injuries or something. Player safety is important.
That's true, they have to know when they have a concussion.  I wonder if the chip in the football detected when the New England Patriots deflated it in Deflategate?
That would be funny. It should detect something, the flight of the ball, its wobble, something. 
Lol.  I hear the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have it pretty rough.  They have a rule for they can't eat at the same restaurant as ANY NFL player and if a player does walk in and they are eating their meal, they have to get up and leave.
The cheerleaders are paid badly and they have to put up with that crap. Maybe the tracking chips would help avoid that situation.
Hey, everything gets tracked, nowadays.  Man, it seems like I've had nothing on my brain the last few weeks but football.  How about you?
I haven't thought much about sports recently. Too busy. Plus NE won again. There's something fishy going on there.
You think?  Lol they have the GOAT Tom Brady, you just knew he was going to save them once again!
The guy is so clutch. I don't know how he does it so consistently. I figure Bill must understand football better than any other coach.
Belichick is a GOAt too, for sure.  Winningest coach in NFL postseason football.  What a matchup, the stars aligned for that association.
Yes, quite true. Won't see anything like that for a while. Anyway, Great CHAT!
Great chatting with you, as well.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
Have a great day!
You too!
Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
Do you know much about football? I do follow the Chiefs.
I love football ! Ronaldo, Messi and Lewandowski are gods ! ;)
Patrick Mahomes rocks!  So do you think Nick Saban will go to the NFL? He did just win a championship.
Not really familiar with who he is ;( Why wouldn't he go if he is so good ?
From what I read he is the Alabama coach and people are rumoring that he could get offered the coaches' job with the Giants
oh I see... coach...  how old is he... I wonder if he can even still play ;)
NO. He has been a Coach at Alabama for years. There is apparently a big difference between coaching at the college level and coaching in the NFL. College players are willing to put up with the rigors in order to play in the NFL. 
oh ok. I didn't know that. So that sounds like a dream come true for him, right ?
Lots of people would jump at the chance and you would think that the pay is a lot more in the Pros?
Am.. I would ;) Is it not ?
Are you a Pats fan? It seems that year after year Tom Brady is the guy to beat. Bill Belichick is the the winningest coach in the nfl post season.
Naah, sorry ;) Everybody are keep saying Tom Brady this, Tom Brady that... is he really that good ?
I think he has been to the Superbowl 10 times and and won 15 AFC East titles out of 17 years,  Pretty good but he is getting old. I am sure he is due to retire soon.
finally, I'm tired of hearing his name everywhere ;) His wife is a model, right?
Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!
Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol
Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?
What ? was bowling that popular then in US? 
It must have been. I am sure TV  was not as big of a deal as it is now. ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed first down line. Amazing!
I've never heard about that ! Good for ESPN ;) Hey, it was really nice chatting with You !
And you also!
Have a great day !
Hello, what do you think of female players in the NFL?
Hi there, I think it would be great for the league and for girls in general.  How about you?
I think it would be awesome, if they did something about a certain team's archaic rule...of not permitting cheerleaders in the same restaurant as the players.
I think I have heard about that rule, it sounds so dumb.  I think it is time to have that rule removed to be honest. 
I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.
Yeah I agree with you on that.  Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?
Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.
Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff.  Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting. 
That is so bizarre, and the time doesn't add up, not if there is 15 minutes per quarter. Or is that only highschool?
No thats the real time, the clock runs while all that stuff is going on, so the actual time they are playing is short. 
Really? I never knew that. Same with the tracking chips in the balls.
I hope they use some of that tracking technology to help improve player safety. 
I would hope so too. I still cannot believe ESPN won an Emmy for that superimposed yellow line.
That is pretty wild that they did, but it does help a lot for making the games more exciting on third down!
Are you a game of thrones fan? My son is, and thinks it's hilarious that the author likened the Patriots to the Lannisters.
That is hilarious!  I can see that as well, but that is really funny. 
I want to know who thought it would be a great intimidation move, to paint the U of IA visitor's locker room pink. To me, that is only providing much needed ambiance to your opponent.
That is so funny, I guess it calms people down seeing that color so it makes sense to put it in the opposing teams locker room. 
Maybe they thought it would annoy them, lol. It's interesting, when you realize that top bowlers used to make more than football players.
That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then. 
I think engineers make more, as well.
Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players. 
You do have a point. I have to get my kids, thanks for chatting with me. Have a great day.
hi how are you? Football is on the chat menu. Do you like football?
Hey there I do like football. I just wish I had seen the game that was the highest scoring football game of all time haha it was 222 to 0 have you heard about this game
Was that Georgia Tech? what was the coach thinking? it seems cruel.
Yes I agree. I definitely would have quit once it hit 100 to 0 haha. I would have felt so bad to be Cumberland that day
I hope the coach put in the third string. it is just mean to beat up a team like that. Cumberland should not have scheduled that game anyway.
No I agree with you. Do you like the Patriots by the way? Have you heard of BenJarvus Green-Ellis? Apparently is never fumbled the ball which I think is awesome!
that is an astonishing feat. i hope he got a raise or bonus for that.
Yes that is amazing, do you ever watch football on television by the way? apparently ESPN created the line that shows first downs when you're watching football on TV, and even won an emmy for doing that which is cool
I am used to the superimposed graphics now. i never thought about which station started it all.
Yes it was probably a technological achievement back then haha. Did you know that females can actually play for the NFL if they qualify?
I guess if they are big enough, strong enough, fast enough...i wonder if any will ever try out.
Yeah I'm sure we might see a female NFL player someday, why do you think games take so long on TV yet apparently there is only about 10 minutes of actual live gameplay LOL
I think that it is the perfect sport for television. lots of time for commercials. LOL
Haha I think you're right about that! What does make me sad though is that cheerleaders are not treated well in the NFL, apparently if they are in a restaurant eating and then a player walks and they would have to leave, doesn't seem fair
Yeah, there is still a lot of sexism in the league. some things change very slowly, it seems.
Yes I agree. What do you think about the Patriots by the way? Were you happy that they won the Superbowl this year
Actually, i wanted the other team, the underdog, to win. i am tried of the patriots winnin.
Haha they do when a lot. It's funny though, do you ever watch Game of Thrones? Apparently the author considers the Patriots to be the Lannisters of the NFL, and the Lannisters are the bad guys in that show lol
I like GoT. Yeah, the Pats are like the Lannisters! LOL. Anyway, great chat!
Yes great chat enjoy your night! And Make sure to root for the Patriots next year LOL, we want bill Belichick to remain the most winningest coach!
Have a good night!
You too! I'm trying to go to Gillette Stadium next time the Patriots play again btw
Hello do you like football?
hi, how are you? Sure, i watch football sometimes. i chat about it more often, it seems. LOL
lol I also watch it sometimes.  Yes, I am finding out more about it since these infos.  
Yes, i have learned more about football from these chats than in ten years of watching football. LOL
Did you know in the 60's top bowlers made more money than football players?
I think that pro football was getting going back then. I bet the players didnt even have a union then.
Good time for bowlers I guess, and less injuries. 
Yeah, plus a longer career. football players dont have long careers. a bad injury and that is it.
Yes, I agree.  I also found out that when nfl or nba retire 78% go bankrupt within 2 years! 
That is terrible. these guys really need help managing money. they dont have careers after the league, so they need to survive on those earnings.
Yeah true, unless they teach maybe?
I guess some of them could get coaching jobs, if they know how to coach. different skill.
Right.  Maybe sports announcer?  lol still different skill
yeah, not many of those jobs. these guys have played sports their whole lives and dont know anything else.
Theres a running back who never fumbled the ball in his career,  that is amazing!
Oh, that guy on the Patriots? yes, that is quite an accomplishment, one for the record books.
I know right,  I dont know much about the patriots but I hear they are accused of cheating,  I hope that guy is not apart of it. 
Yeah, the cheating scandals are bad. Bill B will never live that down.
I also hear he puts tom brady on the injured list every week and hes not even injured.
Bill is crying wolf. trying to trick the other team. wont work. Anyway, great chat!
Great chat,  thanks!
Good morning! Did you know that the NFL has no official rule against female players?
I have heard that before.I wonder if any women will be able to make the NFL one day.
I wonder. And what it could be the Saints! And they wouldn't be allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the cheerleaders!
I'm not really into NFL. Maybe it's because there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay in each game.
Yes, I've had the same reaction to it. These days, there are too many ads and too much commentary with not enough action.
But NFL has become so popular over the years. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
Yes! I wonder why. Were both sports televised? Was pay based on live attendance too? It's hard to imagine bowling being as popular to watch on TV or as a live spectator.
I believe bowling was televised. My dad told me he used to watch it on TV
Fascinating! Well, it's still televised. I wonder if the ratings really were higher than for football or if pay was based on something else.
But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.
Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer injuries that limit the options they have later on.
It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days
Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.
And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.
Yes, just a yellow line! I wonder if an Emmy has ever been awarded for something so simple.
It is very helpful to view football though.
Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.
Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?
Yes! Go Pats! I've never been to Gillette Stadium, but I've seen many games on TV.
Bill Belichick has the most wins in NFL postseason football-20 with the Patriots and 1 with the Cleveland Browns.
Yes! Great team! It's been good talking to you! Have a great day!
Do you watch the NFL? 
NFL? You mean the National Football League?
Yeah, do you watch it? 
Television was forbidden in my house growing up, so I did not get much chance to watch. What about you?
OMG, that is so weird. Yeah, of course I do. 
Oh, ok then. I guess we all have different childhoods. The TV is an influence on the mind. What do you like about the NFL football?
It's interesting to watch while you drink beer in a bar. 
Oh, ok, it's an alcoholic event. I see. With the shouting and cheering and whatnot. Do you have a favorite team or player? I guess there are a bunch of teams.
Yup, good time. Of course, the Redskins, great team to follow. Lots of fun. 
The Redskins? Are they named after the Native Americans?
Yeah, they are. They have been DC's team for a long long time. 
Why the Redskins though? Isn't that a name to mock the American Indians? 
Why are they named that? They were named that before I was born. They were named that 90 years ago I think. 
Oh, ok. I thought that a team in Washington would have a very American name, like the Patriots or something.
Nope, they've been named that for a long time. I've never followed much of the naming conventions. 
I see. I guess people choose the name that suits the spirit of the team or the town. I have never been to Washington DC, but I imagine there must be lots of Native peoples there. 
I'm not sure, but their baseball team is named the Nationals if that helps. I think the Patriots are named that because New England was one of the first states, right? 
I did not know there was a state named New England. I've heard of New York and New Hampshire.
Interesting, I should clarify, so New England isn't a state, it is a region where the first settlers were or something like that. 
Oh, I see. That is the place of the Patriots. I think that NFL football is an interesting lesson in US history. 
yeah, the NFL is fun to watch, I really enjoy it. Well nice chatting with you! 
I hear the Bears may have the highest paid Defensive player in the history of the game.
Yes and he is amazing. They have been comparing Khalil Mack to Lawrence Taylor. 
Taylor changed the way the game was played. You think he has that in him?
He definitely looked impressive this year. He earned the pay he received. He is the highest paid defensive player in the history of the game now. 
Did you know that the Iowa State Universities coach had the visiting football teams locker rooms painted pink. Talk about mind games. 
I did not. What a strange thing to do. Speaking of football, did you know that in the 1960's top bowlers made more than top football players?!
Wow, drink beer and bowl fro millions, Sign me up coach. Hey do you know what the highest scored college game was. 
I do not. What is it?
Well the score was 220-0 in favor of Georgia Tech over Cumberland. 
What?! How is a score that high even possible?
I don't know but i would not have wanted to be on the buss ride home.
No kidding. Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow line that marks the first down? Could you imagine not having that on screen?
I can't they deserved it, that thing made life more manageable, lol! You know the Patriots had a RB that never fumbled the football in his career?
I did not. That's amazing. Do you remember his name by any chance?
Benjarvus Green-ellis former patriot. 
I will have to look into him. I do not remember the name. Speaking of the Patriots, did you know that George RR Martin called them the Lannisters of the NFL? I don't see that as being a compliment ha ha. 
Wow! well the Patriots have something in common with the Buffalo Bills they both have the same number of losses in the super bowl. 
Oh wow. Everyone always talks about their wins but I did realize they were also tied for losses. 
The Cleveland Browns last play-off game was in 1995.
They have been awful for a long time. They seem to be better the last year. 
Or maybe they need to try out bowling, i hear that's a lucrative career, lol! nice talking with you. 
hi how are you? are you a football fan? i have been discussing football quite a bit recently.
I don't mind. I grew up a Skins fan. You a fan?
I sometimes watch games. i try to watch the playoffs and the super bowl. i like the bay area teams.
Not a Patriots fan?
if they were the underdog in a game, i would root for them. otherwise, no, not really.
George R.R Martin called the Patriots the "Lannisters" of pro football LOL.
I guess he thought they were the bad guys? i wonder.
Does that make the Buffalo Bills the "Starks"? They have had as many superbowl losses as the Patriots have had wins.
Yeah, the bills really have suffered a lot in the superbowl. it must be frustrating to get that far and lose.
Imagine being the Cleveland Browns. 
How many times have the browns been to the superbowl?
I don't think they ever have been actually. The last playoff win was in 1995, against the Patriots.
that is a shame. i guess the fans must be frustrated. cleveland had lebron for a while though.
Yeah, until LA lured him away.
He is getting to the end of his career I think. 34 is pretty old for basketball. he is a great player, like brady, but eventually everyone leaves the game.
It's true. They all get old. Maybe a female QB can replace Brady. There is apparently no actual restriction in the NFL.
yeah, i  dont think the guys writing the rules imagined a day with a woman in the game. i wonder if one could ever get to that level.
I don't see why not. Officials had to stop the lead female cyclist in a recent race because she was overtaking the men's race. It may not be great for long term earnings though, whoever plays. An Engineer can actually make more over a lifetime.
Cycling is different from football. usually football requires a lot of muscle mass. cyclists are usually thin. Engineering is the better choice. Not nearly so many concussions and injuries. 
It makes you wonder how well they truly fare after they retire. Seems like Brady has made football a religious experience almost. What do you do when that's gone?
You adjust to a new life, build new interests, practice new hobbies. I figure that he can be an announcer? a coach? Anyway, great chat.
Indeed. See you.
Hello, do you like football? Did you watch the Superbowl on Sunday?
I am not a fan of football, but I did watch the Super bowl last Sunday. It was not what I expected.
The game was too defensive for my taste, Im happy because my team won but still I expected the game to be more exiting.
Weren't they tied during the 2nd quarter?
Yeah the game was 3-3 up till the 3rd quarter I think, then the Pats scored a touchdown and history changed
I stopped watching it once it was 13-3.
Yeah it was towards the end, I know you said your not a football fan but do you have a favorite team?
I did not believe that it was their 6th win. I looked it up and their first win was 2002! Was Tom Brady in the team by that year? I hardly saw the Rams in the chart winning the Super Bowl. The team I follow is the 49ers.
Yeah they are the top NFL winners with the Steelers, and Im not sure, if he was I dont think he was starting QB. Bill Belichick is a great coach though
That is insane. Well, I hope the Patriots keep doing what their doing. It's a big progress! Maybe, he had a great technique to keep the team going strong.
He sure has a great strategy after all he is the winningest coach in the NFL, that means his doing something right
How many wins?
He had 21 wins, 20 with the Patriots and the remaining with the Browns, 
He coached 2 teams. I see...
Yeah, I think he coached more teams besides the two, you know the Patriots also hold the record for Super Bowl losses.
Well, no wonder they won in 2002!
Yeah, Ive always wanted to visit the Gillete Stadium, hopefully one day I can watch the Patriots play.
That stadium is large! You will one day. All you got to do is get a job and earn all that to save for the next Super Bowl, if the Patriots are in.
Sounds like a solid plan I wonder how much tickets are worth though, they must be really expensive, depending on the game at least.
That is true. It will definitely be expensive.
Yeah but totally worth it, Its also a great chance to know Foxborough
hi, do you watch nfl?
Hello there, I do how about yourself?
Yes me too. did you know women can play too?
I read that, I think it is so cool and would very cool if a female   player did make a team. 
I hope so too. did you know a game has only 11 minutes of active gameplay?
Isn't that crazy to think that is all?  I guess you don't really think about it when watching on tv. 
right? we are glued to the tv for hours and it boiled down to only 11 minutes
Right, sometimes for 3 hours or so at a time.  Did you read about ESPN winning an emmy?
yeah for the superimposed yellow line, strange to win an award though
It is a bit strange but it makes sense, that line does help a ton when watching the games on tv. 
I guess. did you know they put tracking chips on the payers now?
Yeah I read that, the game is getting more and more advanced as it goes. 
Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule.  I think that will be gone in the next year or two. 
I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?
I think that is hilarious, I wonder who was in charge over there and said it was ok to do, I think it's cool. 
yeah I wonder too. did you know bowlers made more than football players in the 60s?
Isn't that wild, I guess if I could come back again, I would want to be a top bowler in the 60s!
Yeah for sure, go figure. do you know benjarvis green-ellis?
Yeah isn't he a back that never had a fumble in his career?
yeah ,that is him. do you know the highest score in a football game?
Yeah it was 222-0!  Crazy score!  Well it was nice talking to you, I hope you have a good night. 
How do you feel about the patriots winning another super bowl?
I feel let down and aggravated to be honest.  It almost makes me want to boycott Gillette since they sponsor them.  How do you feel?  
I hate it because they are so good. Belichick is the winningest coach in post season history. 
Yeah I know. I can't help but wonder if he cheats in some way.  On the ironic side though, they patriots are tied with the bills for the most losses at super bowls.
They are really good at thinking outside the box. Cheating or not. They let the giants score near the end of super bowl 46 so they would have a chance. Although it backfired on them
Did you know that Bill Belichick used to coach for the cleveland browns and that their last playoff win was when he was their coach?
Its his only playoff win not for the patriots. So crazy we could of had a browns dynasty instead
I know. We may still yet if Baker Mayfield has his way.  Football is so popular and important that it's hard to believe that back in the 1960's bowlers made more than football players.
Even more surprising is that the average life earnings of an engineer is higher than that of an nfl player
Now that is surprising.  I always assumed players were among the super rich.  I would think that Benjarvus Green-Ellis would especially be super rich.  He has never fumbled the ball in his career and he's a running back.
I wonder if they could use those tracking chips to learn how he never fumbled. That's very impressive
It really is and surprising. I had no idea until recently that the nfl put tracking chips in players shoulder pads.
It records a lot of stuff! they even use them in the balls themselves
I've heard that.  I guess that's how they knew Brady was cheating that time.  You know they do all of this studying and stuff and in reality a game only has 11 minutes of actual game playing.
That's really crazy. I wonder how much game time the 1916 game between Georgia tech and Cumberland had
Why, did that game last a really long time or something?
Yes, Georgia Tech set the highest score ever at 222
Oh my! i bet it did go on forever!  What was the other team's score?
Cumberland did not score. It must have been pretty embarrassing. There should have been a mercy rule
With that kind of score I definitely agree.  I guess Cumberland not only had no defense but no offense as well.
Hopefully the Patriots don't ever get that good
Hello! Do you like Football?
I do. Do you?
Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!
I like the Broncos. Have you read the Indentured by Ben Strauss and Joe Nocera?
Parts of it, I find it interesting that he thinks the NFL has peaked? What do you think of that? 
The games long-term survival as a slight favorite, not doomed.
I hope it's not doomed. But I wouldn't want my kids to play football due to all the brain injuries. What's weird is that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player. What do you think could make the game be safer?
Wow I did not know that. I don't know if they could put more padding in the helmets or not. Do you think concussions or broken bones are more common?
It seems like concussions are more frequent and probably underreported. It certainly seems like a lot of injuries are happening when an average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. The only real winners are the owners and the NFL corporate entity, don't you think?
Yes. There are different places that call different things foot ball. Like what we know as soccer or rugby.
True, American Football is so much more high scoring though.The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0  Now that's a lot of scoring! Who is the greatest coach in the NFL right now?
I am not sure, Did you know snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's football team?
I didn't know that! Bill Belichick of course... He has won the most NFL postseason games with 21 wins.
Is he the Patriots coach?
Yes. He is a coaching mastermind. Near the end of Super Bowl 46, the New York Giants tried to avoid scoring a touchdown near the end of the gameto avoid Tom Brady and Bill Belichick outsmarting them. That's crazy!
The patriots have either won or lost the super bowl by 3-4 points in the 6 tires.
Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have to leave.
Thats rude. I wonder why?
They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.
I heard about a woman trying to go pro last year.
That would be interesting to see when that happens!
I enjoy football. Are you a fan?
I enjoy sports. You mean American football, with the funny looking ball? I've seen the game.
Yes American football. Do you know what the highest football score ever was?
The highest score? I have no idea. Who were the teams?
It was in 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0!
That is quite a humiliating score. I wonder why they did that. It seems mean spirited and unsportsmanlike.
I agree and I do not even know how it is possible to score that many points in one game. Did you also know that in the 60's bowlers made more than football players?
I wonder how much money that actually was back then. I guess I missed my window. I was born too late. I have the soul and body of a bowler.
It is certainly an easier sport on your body. Have you heard of Benjarvus Ellis-Green? He was a RB for the Patriots. 
I have not heard of him. Is he famous? What did he do?
He played for the Patriots and during his time with the team he never fumbled a ball!
That is amazing. He must have enormous hands or something. Or special gloves. 
It is very impressive. Did you know that ESPN created the line that shows the first down? Can you imagine watching a game without that?
I cannot. I thought that it was an obvious thing to do, but I guess ESPN was the first to do it. Good for them.
It was a great invention. They even won an Emmy for it. 
That seems a bit much. An award for a line? I wonder what's next. Hm. Would you want to be an engineer? The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player
Considering that it pays more I would much prefer it over a football career. It would be much easier on my body and I'm not risking injury constantly. 
Far fewer concussions too. I would rather that women went into engineering. It would be easier on them.
Apparently the NFL has no written rules against female players. 
That would make for an interesting contest. The fans would be uncomfortable I think.
I'm not sure why. It would be difficult for many positions because of the size of the other players but I see no reason why you couldn't have a female kicker. 
Hey!  Are you a football fan?
I am, have you seen Khalil Mack play? He's one of the best linebackers I've seen since Lawrence Taylor!
I dont follow him personally, but I have heard great things about him.
He's really good, Bill Belichick and Lawrence Taylor don't seem to think he compares to Taylor though.
Taylor is rather iconic, maybe over time their opinions might change.  Mack seems to be pretty talented, lets see if he stands the test of time.
I think he will. Taylor was a beast on the field though. I remember when he broke Joe Tehismann's leg on Monday Night Football.
Wow.  I dont remember that, but it sounds awful
Yeah, I think it was an accident, but still. 
That is some serious power. I can see why there arent female football players, even though there is no rule against them.  I wouldnt want to be hit by that.
I agree with that. The average football players weigh, what 225 lbs? The average woman can't hold that kind of mass to protect themselves.
Plus they aren't exactly treating cheerleaders equitably.
Yeah, I heard that the Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player and they even have to leave if a player come in while they're eating. That is ridiculous! 
It really is, I wonder what happened to make that rule.
I don't know, it's kind of shady. 
anyway, did you know Bellichick is the winningest coach in post season football, 21 wins!
Yeah, he's had 20 with the Patriots and 1 with the Browns. Has the browns had a playoff win since him?
Probably not.  Lol.  They're one of those historically bad teams. 
Yeah they are. At least my Bills are on par with the Patriots...in Super Bowl losses. 
LOL.  The Patriots will likely out do that soon, or maybe they will just win it every year for the rest of time  LOL
It's possible, I agree with the author of "A Game of Thrones," they are the Lannisters of the NFL.
LOL.  Nice Chat!  have a great day!
Hello, Do you enjoy football? 
I do love football!  How about you?
Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?
I like the Patriots!  I'm glad that they won the super bowl.  Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.
I agree with you!  I love the team too!! Tom's plan for a good life is Joy, peak performance and avocado ice-cream!
lol Is that from his book?  I haven't read it but am somewhat familiar with it.  An interest history tidbit ....the Cleveland Browns last playoff win was in 1995 against the Patriots and Belichick was the head coach of the Browns!
Really, interesting. Yeah, I have never tried avocado ice-cream, thinking if they add enough sugar would be okay! The Patriots have a devoted group of fans!
I know I wouldn't like the ice cream because I don't like avocados. lol  I just read that the Jackson victory tour played a major role in Robert Kraft buying Sullivan stadium and eventually the Patriots.  I'm going to have to look deeper into that.
Oh really, I didn't know that. In Super bowl loses the New England Patriots and Buffalo Bills are the same.
I didn't know that.  What do you think of the tracking chips the NFL has embedded in players shoulder pads and footballs?  Wonder if they will help improve the game.
I think its a great idea! I wonder if it helps with inflated footballs? lol
lol  My first thought was that they could program the chips in the footballs to go to the other chips in the shoulder pads.  
lol, that's funny!! Did you know the Games of thrones author calls the New England Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL!
Hahaha I didn't know that!  Funny stuff!  Do you like Snoop Dogg?  He wrote a fight song for his sons high school football team!
No, I didn't know that? Any good? Isn't it interesting there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in the NFL!
Isn't that a short amount of time for a game they stretch out to 3 hours?  I'm not sure if the song is any good.  I know his son is a highly recruited player for college and is really good.
Really, I didn't know that either. I know its crazy how long it takes. 
14 of the world's largest stadiums belong to American college football teams.  I believe there's a few that seat over 100,000!
I bet at least one of them is in Texas!! Big football state! How do you feel about pink locker rooms? lol
Yes it is!  What's the saying they have...Everything is bigger in Texas?  lol  I'm not familiar with pink locker rooms?  Are they for breast cancer awareness?
Should be, University of Iowa painted the visitors locker room pink! Good chat!!
They must have did that to get in the minds of the visiting team.  lol  I enjoyed the chat!
lol, I think your right! Have a good night!
You have a good night too!
Hey there do you like the Seahawks by the way? I guess Richard Sherman is about to become a free agent
I don't though I remember them winning a Super Bowl. I am not really into football.
I would like some of football. I really like the Patriots, and I also think it's interesting how it is split between two conferences, the NFC and the AFC
The Seahawks almost beat the Patriots in one Super Bowl but did not because of a play call at the one yard line.
Yeah that's pretty crazy. I also think it's crazy that the NFL does not have a rule against female players, do you think we will ever see a female player?
Well there is a kicker who plays on the men's football team and she is one of our best bets.
So interesting I didn't know that. I also didn't know that the average game only lasts about 10 or 11 minutes, the rest is filled with just lining up, commercial, and refs making decisions
That might be why it does not interest me much. That and I cannot follow the ball. The yellow line helps a bit. ESPN got an emmy for it.
Yep that was really smart invention. It was also a smart invention for the NFL to put tracking chips into their uniforms. That way they can check the players speed and location in real time
Yeah, so interesting how football has progressed, probably because there is so much interest in it. In the 60s that was not the case as top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
You're right that's really crazy. I should have been a professional bowler because I have a better shot at doing that haha. What do you think about the Patriots by the way? I think I mentioned its my favorite team
I think they are a great team! Bell Bellichick is the nfl coach with the most postseason wins
Yep I agree, I love that they play at Gillette Stadium, I miss the days though when teams played at a Stadium named after the city and not one named after a razor LOL
Haha, funny. Have you been to their games?
No I've never been to an actual game, but I do watch them on TV, have you ever seen the show Game of Thrones by the way?
No, it never caught my attention. I sometimes watch football on TV but mostly only at Super Bowl parties on the first Sunday in february
Game of Thrones is pretty cool, the only reason I bring it up is because the author says that the Patriots are like the Lannisters in Game of Thrones, and they are actually the bad guys LOL
Oh, that is pretty funny. I guess the Browns were good at one point. Their last playoff win was in 95 against the Patriots. Their head coach was Bill Belichick
Yeah he's a great coach for sure. He's also the most winningest coach in the NFL postseason. Very impressive I think
At the end of super bowl 46 the patriots let the Gians score a touchdown and the Giants tried to avoid scoring a touchdown. I guess this was to increase their odds of winning. The giants scored a touchdown but won anyway.
Yeah that was a crazy game. funny too that the last time the cleveland browns won the superbowl was under Bill's coaching too, he's amazing
Have you heard of Dez Bryant?
Yeah, his a wde receiver right?  it looks like his having a tough time getting a job or maybe he just wants to rest for a while
Yeah, he was a first round draft pick by the Cowboys in 2010 but was cut in April. Ouch, that's gotta hurt.
His got impressive carreer thouhg, 531 catches, 73 touchdowns, all in 8 seasons
Yeah, he says that he still can play the game.
Maybe The Patriots can sign him, I heard they are having a tough time sigining a wide receiver, on that can be Edelmans replacement when his suspended or injured
Bryant turned down a three year offer from Baltimore in the spring because he thought he could get something better. I wonder if he regrets that.
I bet he does regret it, Baltimore is not the best team but they do alright and I think the pay is decent, it was a 3 year offer afterall sometimes greediness makes us take the wrong call.
You're right! U heard that the Browns and the Patriots have kicked the tires on Bryant.
Do it seems like you like to watch football are you a fan of any team in particular?
No, I don't like to watch football. I did go to a super bowl party in order to pig out on food, haha. How about you?
Lol, well Superbowl food is great! and I do like the sport, I like to watch college football as well, you know the University of Iowa has their visitors lockers painted completely!!
Hmm, interesting. I guess football doesn't really catch my attention because there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
It seems like a lot more though, my favorite team are The Patriots, someone called them the Lannisters of the NFL, I thought that was a funny reference
Interesting! Bill Belichick has had the most wins out of coaches in NFL postseason football with 21 wins.
Yeah, apparenty one of them was with the Browns, Bill Belichick is a great coach, he's one of the main reasons of the team's success this season
Yeah, that seems to have been in 1995. That was the Browns' last playoff wins.
Yeah, the Pats are the team to have most wins in the Superbowl but I didnt know they are also the team with the most losses.
Hmm, interesting. The Patriots play at the Gilette Stadium. Have you watched a game there?
No I havent, tickets are usually expensive and I prefer to just watch the game from home, its amazing how the team is one of the most successful ones in the histoy of NFL, the team has incredible stats
Yeah, they are a great team for sure.
Hi buddy! Are you a Patriots fan?
yes i love the patriots. how about you?
Yes, although I also hold a fondness for the Cleveland Conscientious Objectors. They rarely show up for a football game. I also like the Bills.
i think pro football would have been better off if the nfl and the afl had not merged in 1966.
Yeah, but then the Bills would not be considered equal to the Patriots... in number of Superbowl losses.
only bill i know is bill belichick.
He is THE MAN!  You know, the last time the Browns won a playoff game was 1995. They beat the Patriots. And Belicheck was the coach of Cleveland then! 
that is an interesting factoid, friend. i've heard some writer guy called the new england patriots the lannisters of the nfl. 
Nice. I think we should cast Peter Dinklage as Bill Belichick in the movie.
only if he wins in the end. did you know that there is no rule that women can't be in the nfl? they only have to pass eligibility requirements.
Yeah, but the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of playing time. I know my wife wouldn't qualify because she is never less than 11 minutes late for anything.
well, with the average lifetime earning of an engineer being higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player, i'd say you are better off.
I would encourage her to be a New Orleans cheerleader. That way she would not be allowed to eat with the football players. 
hmmm i seem to recall they can eat the same thing, just not at the same place. 
I guess I will fall back on plan B: I will install those NFL tracking chips in my wifes clothing. That way I can monitor the velocity, rotation, and location like the NFL does to their players.
sounds like a great plan to me!
And I hope to superimpose those virtual yellow lines in front of department stores too. I won't get an Emmy like ESPN did when they made them for TV, but I will be able to track my wife's yardage.
excellent plan. did you know that football codes can be traced back to the codification of football games at english public schools during the nineteenth century?
I did not. But I gave up codification as my new year's resolution. I was obsessed with it. I used to walk around muttering,  "222-0, 222-0". 
that's a sound resolution, just like the patriots superbowl win
I wish Benjarvus Ellis-Green had played in that game!  I would have  bet that he would not have fumbled, since he never did his entire career!  Nice chatting with you!
hi, do you watch nfl?
Yea, it's crazy the Seahawks released Richard Sherman
yeah that is. did you know women can play too
I've heard there is no official rule barring female players in the NFL, I wonder if there will ever be one
yeah me too. did you hear about that rule for new rleans cheerleaders?
Yea, the Saint's cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurants as men, pretty unfair
very unfair. the worst is, they have to leave mid meal too 
Yea, I wonder why the Saints even have a rule forcing their cheerleaders to leave if a player stops in
I have no idea but pretty sexist if you ask me. 
yea, hopefully they will change that rule soon
hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players
That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips
yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?
I think it was a game georgia tech scored 222 points
yeah quite a win there. and espn won an emmy once
Yea I heard. Did you know that the last team the Browns beat in the playoffs were the New England Patriots?
Did not know that. buffalo bills are equal to patriots in losses
Not off the top of my head but it makes sense. I know the Bills lost 4 Super bowls in a row and the Patriots have also lost 4 super bowls
yeah. do you know who benjarvus green-ellis is?
He was a running back on the Patriots, apparently he has never fumbled a football in his career, crazy
yeah, what a talent. nice chat
do you like football?
I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?
Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is

Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s

Yes but to be fair, it was a more popular sport back in the day
Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?
Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?
Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916
Yeah and that still holds the record for the highest score
Yeah I know. Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes that was for the superimposed yellow line
Yes it has made game watching much easier to be honest
Yeah. Did you know that women can play in the NFL?
Yes as there is no rule against them playing if they qualify
Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point
Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways

Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end
I know, so ironic Engineers apparently make more than football players over the lifetime
Yes but they have longer careers too so maybe that helps
True. Did you know they are using chips on the players now to track stuff

Yeah pretty high tech, nice chat today
Are you a fan of the NFL?
Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.
I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?
Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.
Yeah, and the only time the Browns have won since 95 was when he was their coach!
Wow, in losing Super Bowls, the Pats and Buffalo Bills are tied.
I think it's funny that George RR Martin calls the Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL.
Did you know that former PAT Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled a football in his NFL career?
Haha, guess you do not think it's funny. No, I didn't know that. That's an incredibly cool achievement! Did you know women can technically play football?
That is pretty cool and I say why not? As long as they meet eligibility requirements and want to do it and a team actually picks em. :)
It's a pretty sexist industry, so I can understand why a lot of women wouldn't want to play.
True but I bet they could do the 11 minutes of live gameplay that the average NFL game has.
Oh, for sure. I think more women should become engineers! They'll make more money!
Or become like the 1960s top bowlers who made 2x as much as top football stars.
Haha, well then women will have to be time travelers. It sucks to be a female cheerleader for the Saints, though. They have to leave a restaurant if a Saints player walks in.
Yea that does! I think they have to leave if an NFL player from any team is in the restaurant. Like how do you know all NFL players. Is that even possible?
That's even worse. How sexist!
Yeah that's a weird rule. Something must have happened for that rule to come about.
I can't imagine anything happening that warranted forcing the women to leave over the male players. Why wouldn't they have the players just not sit down? The cheerleaders literally have to get up mid-meal and leave? Anyway, this has been a fun chat.
Same here. I like that the Univ of Iowa has a pink locker room for their visiting football teams. How rude! LOL
Yeah, I guess. I think pink can be a powerful color! Haha. Have a good one.
Hello! Are you a big football fan? :) 
Hi there, I am a fan, but not a huge fan, I do follow my team closely though.  How about you?
I used to be more into it when I was younger. I lived in Louisiana for a while so it's funny they brought up the Saints. What's your team?
I am from Wisconsin, so I follow the Packers, we didn't even make the playoffs this year, so disappointing. 
I bet! The packers fans seem to be really into football, very dedicated to their team. Have you been to any NFL or college games? I've passed by the super dome in Louisiana. 
I have been to a few games, and I have been to Louisiana and saw the super dome as well.  I would like to go back there now that I am older. 
That would be fun! It's crazy to think about how many people have been to that super dome, Tom Brady has probably been there a bunch. 
Yeah I know he has won a few games there.  Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?
I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots. 
Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons. 
Wow, he's trying to hang around for a while. I don't blame him though, I kind of wish Peyton Manning stayed around for a while longer, I liked him. 
Yeah he was a really good quarterback as well, I thought he was pretty funny as well.  
Something that was funny to me while reading these articles is that Tom Brady has never eaten a strawberry before lol I wonder what's so scary about a strawberry
That is insane, I don't know how you can be as old as he is and not eat a strawberry.  
Yeah, a lot of weird things about food in these articles actually. It said in the factual section 2 that New Orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player, if a NFL player comes into the restaurant they have to leave. That's crazy. 
That is crazy, that rule seems so outdated and silly.  Imagine a cheerleader getting up and leaving. 
That would be sad, if I was a cheerleader and had to leave I would at least want to finish my meal first. Double standards really. 
Yeah it really is double standards and that type of thing is old and not normal anymore. 
Maybe in 2019 they'll change that. I've heard that cheerleaders don't make very much money either, which is a shame because they put a lot of work into keeping their bodies pretty much perfect. 
Yeah that is also a shame when you consider how much players make. 
Well it's been nice talking to you! I hope the rest of your day goes well! 
Same here, I hope you have a good night. 
Hello! So do you follow football?
Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl. 
Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.
I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?
Hmmm, good question. He has done so much and considered the best quarterback of all time, so maybe. I think he is due some time to have some fun the rest of his life! The NFL probably won't want him to retire any time soon ,lol......
Not if they are smart. He is one of only 2 players in NFL history to have won 5 Super Bowls. Well, I guess it would be 6 now.
Right? I bet he has more time before he moves on. Football would not be the same for awhile. But as all football players retire another one comes along.
That is true. He won't be easy to forget though especially to Pats fans. He has QB'd them to 8 Super Bowls, the most of any player in history.
Wow, I didn't know that. I like the Patriot's. But you are right they will never be the same. Just like another Pat's player, Benjarvus Green Ellis....never fumbled a football his entire NFL career.
Yeah that's amazing. Hey, did you realize that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live game play?
It does? That is crazy! The game seems to last a very long time, but they do stop a lot. Kinda crazy, just like how an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an NFL player, but Nfl players probably work fewer years than an engineer.
Yeah and engineering requires a lot of knowledge and schooling. Back in the 60's top bowlers made 2x as much as top football players. That is very surprising to me.
Wow...that is nuts! Never would think that lol, Maybe the next big star will be a female since the Nfl have no written rules against females as long as all requirements are met. Ya never know.
That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad!!
Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!
Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing wrong.
Exactly! Good point. Did you know Tom Brady's wife makes more than twice the amount of money that Tom does?? He could definitely retire hahaa, that's a lot of money!
Yeah but very few has her body and talents so alas they play football or work regular ole jobs. LOL
Hahaha, I don't even know what she does but wow, that's still a lot of money. 
She's a Brazilian model (Victoria's Secret) and one of the highest paid in the world. She and Brady make a pretty cool team though both deserve what they work hard for.
Oh, ok. I didn't know that, she must be great to be the highest paid model! Just like her husband! Great team and marriage I'm sure. Hopefully Tom Brady will stay in the NFL for a few more years! We need great players. It has been great chatting! You have a great evening!!! 
Hi, do you like football?
I love the sport, do you have a favorite team? AFC or NFC?
NFC and the Bears. You?
AFC and the New England Patriots
Nice! You've had a great run lately then. Did you celebrate their SB win?
No, not really, Bill Belichick got served, that is a sure thing but other than that I have no idea
I thought Bill had a great game plan. He limited the offensive genius to like 3 points.
Yeah the game was a bit boring though, I thought it was going to have more action in it
It was boring but Bill usually wins the boring ones. There is only 11 minutes of play so maybe that is why.
I guess better to win in a boring way than to lose in an exiting form, and 11 minutes don't seem like much
Yeah, as a bears fan, I just want wins! I could use like a decade of them like you guys.
Yeah we have been pretty lucky and then theres also Brady, his a good luck charm
I know, plus he's dreamy! I mean, that's a good looking dude.
I have to give it to him, great athlete and also has a smoking hot wife so he has just about everything in life
Don't you kind of hate those guys? Good at everything and has everything? At least I have eaten strawberries!
I kind of do, I wish I had a 30th part of what he has or even less lol, and that is weird, how can he not like strawberries or even try them
Going back to his youth, he never had a strawberry? If not, he is seriously missing out. I had a strawberry protein shake this morning, made with real strawberries!
Strawberries are so tasty, I couldn't  live without them.  He has a good TD pass record though.
Yeah, I remember that Randy Moss season with 50 TDs and it was magical!
And prior to that season he never threw 30 TD passes in a season so yeah magical
It was nice chatting with you, have a great day!
Hello, how much do you know about football?
I know a bit, its crazy how an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Yes it is, Also I didn't know they had microchips in the shoulder pads and balls.
I didnt know that either, what are the microchips in those areas for?
They are placed there to track the movement of players and statistics of the ball like velocity.
Its interesting how technology has advanced, they must be pretty strong in order to handle the damage. 
Yeah that's for sure.  I really thought that players earned alot more money though.
Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better
Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.
Really? what team was that, the other team must have been less skilled
Georgia Tech and I agree especially when the other team scored 0.
That must be the worst defeat in Football history, what do you think about Tom Brady?
I personally don't like him but I respect his talent for winning so many superbowls.
He is really talented, he threw 50 touchdown passes in 2007, what team are you a fan of?
I'm a San Francisco fan, I wish they had won in their last Superbowl appearance.
When was their last Superbowl appearance?
2012 or 2014 I can't remember, I don't pay that much attention to sports.
I see, well I am a Patriots fan, did you know that a former rb Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled in his entire nfl career? 
No I didn't know that.  That has to be a record that only he has.
I think he is the sole holder of the record. 
I can't believe in the 1960's, bowlers made more than football stars.
That is really crazy, I cant imagine bowlers earning more than the lowest paid football player.
Do you think Tom Brady is really ready to retire?
I don't know. The consensus among the experts seems to be that he'll keep playing.
Why is that?  His wife makes a ton of money, too.
Yeah, and he's been spending a lot of time on his charity work. Football doesn't seem to be his main priority.
Yet, he continues.  His buddy Gronk may also retire.
Yes, I heard that too.
With three kids and a supermodel wife, why take a chance on getting permanently hurt?
Right, and he's been talking about wanting to be there for his family more.
Plus his training "guru" Guerrero was kicked off the Patriots' campus.
Yes, and that's caused some tensions within the team.
I think the Pats made a mistake trading away Jimmy Garoppolo.
Yes! I agree!
He is doing very well in SF... when he isn't hurt.
Did you know that the NFL has no written rule against female players? Women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
A few women have played in college, mainly in non-contact positions.
I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.
I don't think any have tried.  It would have been big news.
Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.
My son's modified grade 8 has a girl playing the offensive line.  She was actually the smallest lineman, but played with great technique and was fearless, she was well respected.
That's awesome! Good for your son's team!
It was great talking to you, have a great day.
Are you a Rams fan?  The Rams and Saints get together really showed off their skills with the Saints winning 45--35
I'm not a rams fan, they switch cities way too often for my taste. 
Michael Thomas from the Saints made a 72 yard touchdown pass with just less than 4 minutes to play
I saw that, that is pretty amazing. The game pitted a young couch that was only 32 versus a 54 year old coach. Pretty crazy the age differential there. 
Yes, sometimes fresh ideas.  Hope to see some females in the league someday.  There is no rule against it if they meet the league's eligibility.
Female football players are fairly common in high school in the U.S. 
We may see some then.  However, some alarming rules in the NFL make me wonder.  New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any nfl player and have to leave a diner if an nfl player comes in after
That is a fairly standard rule with NFL teams, the Washington Redskins Cheerleaders aren't allowed to fraternize with the players either. 
If you were to watch an NFL game it would only have 11 minutes of live gameplay on average.  
I watch football every weekend. That is probably accurate, I'm surprised that it is 11 minutes at all to be honest. 
If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer
I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money. 
If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.
I know, it quite popular in the 1960s. 
One upset football game in football was in 1916 when georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0.  I wonder why they shamed the team so much?
I saw that. I didn't know that Tom Brady was listed on the injury report every week. 
I didn't know that.  It seems strange you can do that.  Tom Brady has never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season before 2007 then he threw 50 that year.
I know, he's a great quarterback. I'm surprised he's never eaten a strawberry in his life. 
Maybe he is worried about allergies?  A lot of people are allergic.  His wife actually makes more than double his salary.  They must have a little bit of money.
That could be so. I had never thought about that to be honest. 
As the person writing article section 2 says, I also like being the underdog and going for the win. Have a good day!
hi, do you watxh football?
I sure do. Did you watch Tom Brady's record-settting superbowl performance?
I did. Don't you think it is funny there is only 11 minutes of gameplay
Yeah, and most of that is predictable.  The NFL uses tracking chips in equipment and balls to monitor everything, and all of this for 11 minutes per game...
I know. I wonder what info they collect with those
Ball speed, player location, etc. They also probably tracck player off the field too. In New Orleans, the cheerleaders are not allowed to dine with the players. How would they know unless they track them?
Yeah and the worst part is that they have to leave mid meal of the players come in
NFL has no written rule against female players, but don't let the eat together!
I know that just does not make sense at all. I wonder why they do that
The NFL can't brush it under the table iif a player beats up a cheerleader. They have to be on the field together the next week. SAD LOL  But TOm BRady's wife is a model and she makes more money than he does!
I know right? and engineers make more money than the players anyways
Brady makes way too much and his wife makes way way too much. But why is it that I think engineers make just enough?
I know does not make sense. At least engineers contribute something great to the world
This discussion is above my pay grade, and would take a genius to figure out. I know, let's ask Bill Belichick! He knows everything!  He even lists Brady on the injury report every week, and yet Brady doesn't even know he is injured!
hahaha true. Did you know brady has ever eaten a straberry?
He has made it to the top of his profession, married one of the hottest ladies in the world, is largely considered one of the greatest QBs of all time, but he cannot handle a strawberry.  That is his achillies heel!
Hahhaa maybe. I wonder why though.
Why hasn't the Bills changed their team name to the Buffalo Strawberries? The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink to gain advantage. Why can't the bills paint theirs strawberry-colored?
Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?
Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0.  Ouch!
I know I wonder how they felt after that
Probably like the 1960s era to paid football palayers felt when they learned that they made half what the bowlers made.  Ouch!
Hi, do you like football?
Yes I enjoy the game. I like the NFL even though there's only 11 minutes alive gameplay.
That seems short. Do you know there is no rule against females playing?
Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.
They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.
That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?
Asked politely? I would be upset if I were a cheerleader! Like I would lose all of my inhibitions and just hook up with a player at the restaurant. That's a little demeaning...
Yes that's a very good point. Maybe the NFL tracks cheerleaders just like it tracks players movements on the field.
I really hope not! That's really disturbing! Kinda stalker-ish.
Yes it would be I'm sure they don't do that. Although they do track the balls to measure velocity, rotation, Ball Speed, and location.
That makes sense to me. It would be helpful in assessing the QBs.
Yes it definitely would be. I wonder what Tom Brady's football stats are like? He is definitely one of the best as he is 5 super bowls.
He's been pretty good! All time great! Do you have a favorite team?
Definitely not the patriots LOL! What about you? Tom Brady has never eaten a strawberry and his entire life. He is missing out.
I am a Bears fan. I don't mind the Pats...
Oh Chicago has a dedicated Fan base for sure. Soldier Field would be a fun place to watch a game. Before 2007 Tom Brady had never thrown 30 touchdown passes in a season.
Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!
Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!
I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!
Yes me too. Maybe some day...I also find it funny Brady was drafted in the 6th round in 2000. 
Talent evaluators missed that one! Nice chatting with you!
I heard that Rob Gronkowski might be leaving the Patriots.
Wow, is it because Gronk is such a carefree, happy guy?
Well, I think he's been a great player but he's had a rough few seasons due to his health.
Oh, that's true. I don't think he's played all 16 games for a long time!
Yeah since like 2011 I think! But I'm sure Belichick will make the best decision as his coach.
Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots, but I admit that Belichick knows what he's doing. Besides, Robert Kraft has said a lot of admirable things about Gronkowski.
Yeah and about Belichick too - he called him the greatest coach in the history of coaching. That's a pretty big compliment.
He is, but I guess it doesn't hurt to have Tom Brady on the team. Geez, I think he's one of only two NFL players to win 5 Super Bowls!
Wow! I didn't realize that there were only two. He's married to Gisele Bundchen right?
In all honestly though, I do think it's a great story that he was picked 199th in the draft, but he never lost faith in himself and ended-up being one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time!
That is really unbelievable about the draft. The Patriots got SO lucky. He's had the most Super Bowl appearances of any player in history!
I know! And Brady won the Super Bowl in the first year he was a starter!
Wasn't the only other quarterback to do that Kurt Warner?
I think you're right! You know what else is crazy? Six of Tom Brady's Super Bowls were decided by 3 or 4 points! 
Wow! Those are close games. Do you know if he won any championships when he played college football for the University of Michigan?
I think he was on the bench when Michigan won the Rose Bowl and Championship, but a lot of people still think he was the biggest steal in the history of the NFL!
Well I guess he and Gronk have made some pretty big impact on the Patriots.
Yeah, I think it's safe to say Brady won't be shown the door like Ty Law, Richard Seymour, Randy Moss and Chandler Jones!
Yeah, agreed! The Patriots haven't been one of the greatest teams in the NFL because Belichick held on to players for too long, at least.
Yep. The guy makes a lot of tough moves, and isn't sentimental about his roster. Even after losing last year, I still think they have a shot again this year.
Absolutely! No matter what you think about the Patriots, Belichick is excellent at putting together an award-winning roster.
All true! I guess Belichick has the football knowledge and expertise that no one else has!  They're still in first place...again, so you never know!
Yes, they are definitely looking forward!
Do you like football?
Sure. You mean American football?
Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people
Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.
I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular
Yes, I would say so. Americans love the gladiatorial contest of football.
Do you like american football?
I do like it, but I don't watch it often. I sometimes watch the super bowl.
The performance of the last superbowl was a bit dissappointing
I did not watch it this year, but that is what I heard. A slow game.
Regardless, I like the patriots since they are like the lannisters of football
That is funny! The Lannisters. Evil incarnate! I usually root for the underdog, the long shot.
I mean despite their arrogance and reputation, it is hard to dispute the results and the talented players like tom brady in the team
Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.
Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such
I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?
That I'm not sure if the cheating accusations were validated.
Oh, ok. I guess that when a team wins a lot, people will accuse them of cheating. That makes sense. 
Do you have any favorite team?
No, I don't. I follow around the playoffs because the energy is high. I don't have time to really follow a team through the season. Anyway, great chat!
The same to you. Thanks for your time.
Are you a fan of Tom Brady?
I don't really watch football, but I have heard of him. It's interesting that he may be phasing that part of his life out. 
I believe he is the Greatest QB of all time
I have heard that from other people as well. It sounds like the Patriots owe him a lot. Obviously, I don't think he can stay on top forever.
Critics didn't believe he was going to play this season.
It sounds like he had some problems with his trainer and that could have taken a toll on the rest of the team. 
Yeah, thats why I am less sure he will play next season.
I never realized he was married to Gisele Bundchen.
Yea and they have a couple of children together. They recently went on a charity trip to Qatar.
Apparently she makes twice what he does in salary. They are doing quite well.
Oh yeah. I think he makes quite a bit more in endorsments though
I don't know a lot of football, but it's pretty interesting the highest scoring game ever was in 1916.
Yeah, Cumberland was a real small school and got embarrassed for all of history.
I bet so. 222-0 is quite shameful!
Did you know that ESPN has actually won an Emmy for their coverage of NFL games?
I did! I read they first created the yellow line that is superimposed on the field. 
They should have won an oscar for that. Lol. I wonder if they will win again for the Field Goal kicking line?
I am sure they will. Technology in sports today amazes me. I never knew the NFL tracks players on the field with chips.
I think they use the data to improve safety of the game
That makes sense. They also use them in footballs to track the specific motions of those too.
I am happy that the Super Bowl is in a couple of week.
I am not a big fan of the Patriots generally.
I think the Patriots cheat a lot. Would Belichick trade his best players though?
I agree that they cheat a lot, I don't trust anyone on that team. I think Belichick would trade them, he doesn't care about anybody or anything.
Where do you think Rob Gronkowski win end up? Do you think he wants to stay with the Pats?
I don't know much about him. Maybe he'll be more successful with a different team atmosphere.
How much money can he get though? He works well on the Pats. A change might make him less effective.
I agree, money-wise he'd be successful with the Pats. He seems like he cares a lot about atmosphere and attitude though. Do players often leave for those reasons or stay where they aren't appreciated? I'm not too familiar.
I think they'll trade some money for job satisfaction. Probably get a bonus based on performance to reduce risk for the team. 
Interesting. I suppose with the NFL, there's enough money to go around. I'm not a big fan of the NFL's greed.
They get paid pretty well for only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
That's very true. Not like "football" in the rest of the world (soccer) where they run for hours and hours.
I've heard that there are tracking chips in the players' shoulder pads and in the ball. 
That seems like something out of a sci-fi novel, I wouldn't want a chip in my shoulder.
I think they put it in the pads. They could put a chip in the soccer balls and the players shoes.
Oh that makes much more sense. Do you watch the super bowl every year in February?
I try to watch it. I'm hoping that they add women to the game soon. Make it more interesting.
Yes that would be interesting to see, although they didn't handle the Kaepernick situation well so I'm not sure how they'd handle women. I'd like to see a female coach.
Women in coaching positions is certainly possible. They've got women in the announcers' booth. They can be on the sidelines too.
Yes, hopefully it is more normalized soon. I'm glad at least engineers are earning more than football players, maybe things are improving. 
We need engineers more than we need grown men playing with a ball. It's hard to become an engineer.
I agree, society values sports and celebrities too much. 
Great chat! Thanks!
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Yes I do and you? Snoop Dogg once wrote a song for his school's team
Nice. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
Hmm I wonder if that is supposed to have some impact on them
I wonder too. Did you know bowlers made more money than NFL players in the 60s?
Well I guess it makes sense since football was not that popular back then
Yeah true. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes it was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0
Yeah I bet you they still brag about that even though it was in 1916
Yeah that was. DId you know there is a high school football stadium in Texas that can fit 18000 people?
WOw how much did that cost? And for a high school?
Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive
Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball
Yeah. did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yeah there is no written rule if they quality, they can play
Yeah I hope we see them in the field soon, after all the game only lasts for 11 minutes
YEah I know and yet we are glued to the tv for hours waiting for it to end
I know, so strange. Did you know engineers make more money than NFL players in their lifetime?
Yeah I guess it makes sense since they have longer careers as well
Good point. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Do you like to watch football?
I love it. I am a huge Patriots fan including Gronk and Brady
Tom Brady is one of only two players in the history of the NFL to have won five Super Bowls.
I think Gronk is considering retirement over being traded.
It is surprising to think that Gronkowski would be traded since he is very important to the offense
I think the inuries are catching up to him and affecting his play on the field and Bellichick sees that
And apparently Belichick has a history of saying abrupt goodbyes to certain players.
I can't imagine seeing him or Brady in another uniform
Me either. It looks like Belichick's position is fixed. The owner has said that he can coach the Patriots as long as he wants to.
Bellichick's prior gutsy moves pale in comparison to a move that may include Gronk or Brady
Belichick doesn't give players the same security as owner Robert Kraft has given him. I can imagine a lot of people will be upset if he gets rid of Gronkowski or Brady.
Since the salary cap, Bellichick has mastered his roster and team year by year
Gronkowski has had health issues over the years and that is probably being taken into consideration.
Agreed, missing as many games as he has each year hurts his stock as a player
Opposing teams hate getting matched with him when he is fit though, making him indispensable some times.
I don't think you can question his competitiveness when he is on the field. He is a fierce competitor and is shows easily to everyone who watches him each week on the field
That is true. But his demeanor is carefree compared to the ruthlessness of Belichick and Brady.
Bellichick is given the freedom to make arguable decisions about the roster. Kraft does not question his decisions at all
Yes, it seems that Kraft really trusts him.
I hope they can grab another Super Bowl this year. If not, I don't think we will see another one with this trio
I hope you do too.
Do you like to watch American football?
Hello,  yes.  I watch it but I don't follow it.  How about you?
I follow the colleges I attended.  I was surprised to learn that the U. of Iowa has a pink locker room for the visiting team.
Yeah,  I guess its some kind of scare tactic?  In the 60's top bowlers made almost twice as much as football players!
Don't know... That's amazing.  I graduated from Georgia Tech and never knew they beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  
That is a huge defeat,  I can't imagine losing by that much.  Did you know theres a running back that played for the patriots who never fumbled the ball in his career?
Yeah, Mr. Green... I am grateful to ESPN for the yellow 1st down line.  It makes up for some of their political stunts...
Oh really, like what?
Seriously?  You must not watch it. Too much to mention here.  Google politics at ESPN.  You'll get many hits.  Do you watch the NFL?
I only really watch when the 49ers play,  so no I do not follow football like I mentioned. 
I'm a Chiefs fan.  I liked Montana.  Did you know that the actual average gameplay in the NFL is only 11 minutes?
Yeah thats pretty crazy,  11 min fluffed up to stretch into lik 3 hours lol 
I played in HS and there was a lot of standing around.  They are putting chips in everything.  Now in shoulder pads to track information (e.g., velocity and location).
Yeah I hear they put them in the football as well!  
Nerds!!! I am a non-nerd engineer and supposedly, in time, I'll make as much as an NFL pro... Still waiting for that...
Awesome!  Good Luck!  I totally believe that will happen,  and you didn't have to constantly get injured to do it lol 
I don't know, paper cuts are hell and I'm in constant danger of spraining a finger on a reluctant keyboard.  Tom Brady, like him or not, is an amazing QB.  30 TD passes in 2007.
Ah I see,  so the struggle is real as an engineer lol Im not a fan of the patriots,  but I guess hes a good qb from what I hear. 
I'm having to re-think him since he's never eaten a strawberry in his entire life. C'mon not even a taste?
lol I think he has now.  It was recently though,  I saw it pop up on Facebook. 
Thanks for the chat!  You were great!
Do you know anything about the Pro Football Hall of Fame?
Only slightly. Why, what's up?
Just curious.    Been reading about Ray Lewis and Canton.
Oh yeah! The name Ray Lewis rings a bell! Have you read anything interesting about him?
He had an emotional story about his mother during his induction.
Aw, that's sweet! What happened to his mother? Do you know?
I believe she is still alive.     He told stories of growing up in poverty and how this moment was "Momma, we made it!"
Oh that is so heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time! I remember who he is now! The guy that got inducted into the pro football hall of fame! It's so touching to see someone speaking of their mother as he did in his speech! 
Are you a fan of the 32 teams in the NFL?    Any particular one?
I'm not really a big fan of any of them. I guess if I had to choose I'd pick the Seahawks because I love Seattle! Haha. Does that count? And do you have a favorite team?
I like the New Orleans Saints, even though their cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same resrauarant as any NFL player.
Oh I've heard about that! Can you believe if one of the Saints cheerleaders is eating in ANY restaurant and ANY NFL player comes in, she has to get up and leave? What is going on with that! It's terrible!
I wonder if the rule would apply if there were a female NFL player.    I don't believe there is any gender rule in the league.
Nope! I've heard that if a female made certain qualifications, then she could 100% join the NFL! I mean, it kind of tempts me to try it! 
One or two might work, Cumberland lost 222-0 in 1916.
Oh wow, that is quite the loss! I've never heard about that game before! Here is a fun thing I was reading about that's very related! Those big American flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make! What a waste of money! That money could really help so many people! 
Well, times, people and things change.    In the 1960's, football stars made half as much as top bowlers!
Oh wow! I've never bowled, never in my life. I wonder how much they make today compared to one another. Hey do you like any country music? I like some, like Dolly Parton. I was just reading about how country music was inspired by Celtic music. I think that's neat!
That is very cool, although it is a little sad there are only two African Americans in the Country Music Hall of Fame.
Absolutely. I've heard that country music used to be called "hillbilly" music! Good thing they changed the name! I think it was Connie B. Gay who coined the actual term "country music".
Now many people love it!    Even rock stars U2 opened for themselves as the Dalton Brothers from Galveston Texas!    
Oh that is so cool! What a unique thing to do! Opening for yourself as another band! Very interesting! Oh, haha! Did you hear about a 1996 album called "NFL Country"? NFL players sang along with country music stars. I'd love to hear that!
Pretty cool.     I think I will go see if it is on Amazon.    Need to help out George Strait's cousin!
Haha. Yeah I feel like listening to some Dolly Parton now. It was great chatting with you!
No problem.    I think I'm going the other way and will listen to some jazz urban decadence!
I love watching the 32 teams in the NFL, although the super bowl yesterday was a disappointment
I enjoy watching, too. I thought the game yesterday was a very good defensive game; but I was not for the Patriots to win again.
Yes the Patriots win too much.  Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?  Yesterday seemed like even less
Yes, that is crazy, but with all the time outs and time running between plays I guess that is possible. It certainly is hard on the body but I guess it is a goal for many guys who end up recognized in the hall of fame.
Yes it is hard on your body.  Even with all the money they earn, they have less lifetime earnings than an engineer
Really? Wow. I guess the difference is in the number of years one can play. Did you know that if a woman wants to play, she can if she meets the regulation requirements?
That is great!   I like not being sexist - unlike the New Orleans Saints which make their cheerleaders leave a restaurant if a player comes in.
I wonder if that is to limit fraternization between them for the professionalism factor.
Possibly.  The NFL likes to track things - they put tracking chips in players shoulder pads!
That is remarkable. That might be how the announcers are able to bring their comments so quickly regarding details of the action and records being broken.
 Yes they even put the tracking chips in the football - I could see that being useful for determining first downs and such
Football has become a science, and I love it. I'm been to the Football Hall of Fame in Canton, OH, and it's amazing to be reminded of all the good old guys who developed this sport into an American icon.
Yes the Hall of Fame would be interesting to visit.  Tom Brady will certainly end up there after all he has done.
Oh, yes. I enjoy listening to some of their speeches and to see where their really heart's are. Ray Lewis of the Baltimore Ravens spoke about the need for our nation to become more loving and accepting of one another. He gave a lot of credit to his mom for his success.
That is an awesome speech.  I have never heard them give a speech.  I tend to not listen to want to listen to celebrities drone on.  Though I do love listening to people sing - country music is my favorite.
Me, too. Now that's music that brings people together. George Strait is one of the best, and actually related to Jeff Bezos.
I did not know that.  I found it funny that U2 opened shows for themselves dressed in costumes and wigs and played country music!
Really! That is funny. I wonder if people recognized the similarity.
I have no idea!  Lots of famous people liked country music.  Henry Ford even helped finance country music because he was afraid of the decadence of jazz.  
I didn't think he was interested in country music. I usually think of the southern influence in country.
Yes there are a lot of different styles.  I love bluegrass as well - the banjos are awesome!
Many styles. I kind of like the country sound of today that reminds me more of the music of the 60's and 70's. Hey, it was nice talking with you. Thanks.
Yes The 60's made great music.   Simple ballads and dance tunes.
hey there, do you watch the nfl?
I do.  I just watched Tom Brady win the Super Bowl again, the first Sunday in February.
cool. how was the game. i understand there is only 11 minutes of playtime but the game itself is really long
This was a very boring game.  Perhaps if they had had some women players - that is allowed in the NFL - it would have been more interesting
yeah i wonder why there are no women players considering they are allowed to play
New Orleans probably would not want them - they do not even allow their cheerleaders to eat at the same restaurant as the players.
or even worse, if the player walks in and they are eating they have to leave
That is pretty crazy.  They probably track the cheerleaders like they do the football during the game - with tracking chips
yeah at least I am sure they use the chips in the padding for better things likve tracking movement and statistics
It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players
i think they now get paid more but not all of them
yes that is true.  Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line
unbelievable really. did you know the U of Iowa locker room is painted pink?
Yeah that is pretty funny.  I wonder if the locker room of cumberland was when they were defeated 222-0
true, they must have been very sad to be beat by such a huge loss
Yes they could have used the patriot's ellis - he has never fumbled the football in the NFL even once
that is so amazing, the entire career. do you listen to music much?
I love country music - its origins in folk and bluegrass are my favorite
nice. did you know george strait and jeff bezos are cousins?
That is funny.  I wonder if he gets a good deal on amazon music?   Country is the  most listened to genre during the evening commute
Yeah, people like Henry ford might be partially responsible for that too. nice chatting with you
You by chance a football fan?  I'm not the biggest follow tbh, but I do find some of the stuff about it pretty fascinating.  For instance, I find it funny the University of Iowa has painted their visitors locker room pink.  Guess it's their way of trying to psyche out the other team.  
I watch football in the fall. 
Oh neat!  You see, I dunno if it would still hold up today, but they did an experiment a few decades back where they put weight lifters in a pink room and they found they couldn't lift as much.
Interesting. I've never heard of that. Is that why it is pink? So they are cheaters? 
Guess they're hoping it'll make the visiting team feel "weaker".  Do you think a woman could be a football player?  You know, technically, the NFL has no rules against it.
Interesting, but if they have scientific evidence saying it makes the other team weaker, isn't that cheating? 
Well, you could say it's morally cheating, but dunno, if there's no official rule against what color the locker room is painted than I don't think you could flag them for it...
Seems like cheating. They don't paint their own locker room pink right? 
I don't know, but I would assume it's a "neutral" color.
Yeah. Did you know in the 60s bowlers made more than NFL stars? 
Yeah, I've heard about that!  I think back then they had a lot of TV shows and even celebrity bowling and stuff.  Can't see it being that popular today.  
Yeah, it seems weird. Reminds me of the Bill Murray movie Kingpin. LOL
Oh, yeah, that was a good film! Do you know that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay?  Hard to believe when you think of how long they are...
I can believe it. Mostly commercials and play calling. 
Got some crazy rules about player/cheerleader interactions too.  This one team has a rule if a cheerleader is at a restaurant and a player shows up, they have to LEAVE the restaurant, even if they're not done eating.  
Yeah, I think a lot of teams actually have that. I know the Redskins do too. 
Guess they're real strict on the whole "no fraternizing" rule.  Probably a CYA measure...
Yeah, I think so. Apparently the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads too. 
Yeah, that probably helps keep track of things and tally up player stats, like passes and distance traveled and whatever they want to keep track of.  I'm told there's also a chip in the ball for similar reasons.
Yeah, you have to wonder if they even really analyze that data? Well, nice chatting with you!
Hey, you too!  Have a great day!
Are you a football fan?
Hi, yes I love football. What about you?
I'm a season ticket holder for my alma mater, the LSU Tigers.  And, I follow the Saints in the NFL.  It was interesting to see a female ref in the NFL playoffs.  Do you think we will ever see a NFL female player?
I was hoping the Saints would make it to the Super Bowl this year. I think we might see a woman kicker. What do you think?
I agree.  They would likely break-in through a position with less physical contact.  What I find unusual in the NFL are the "off the field rules".  Did you know the Saint's ban their cheerleaders from eating in the same restaurant as an NFL player, even if they were there first?
I did not know that, but I think other teams have similar rules with the players and the cheerleaders.
What are your thoughts of technology in football?  It seems like they have tracking chips on the players and the balls?
I think it's a great idea to hopefully reduce injuries. I saw the chips track ball speed, location, velocity, and rotation.
I could also see it be a good QB (and other players) training aid.  I do not watch much TV football; just not the same as being there.  But when I do, I like the yellow line that indicates 1st down.  Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for that?
I did not know that. Did you know the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay?
I did not know that nor what it means.  Does it mean and for a televised game, only 11 minutes are actually live and not delayed broadcast?
I think only 11 minutes of the game are actual playing. So the other time is spent on huddles and play calling and things like that.
OK.  Perhaps so.  Did you follow Ray Lewis 2018 induction into the NFL Hall of Fame?
I did not know that. Did you know Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink?
I wonder if that was for humiliation, intimidation, or a bit of both?  Ray Lewis was a threat on the field.  But in his Hall of Fame speech, he was like a preacher on fire with a 33 minute monologue!
I didn't know that. Wasn't he charged with murder at one point and time and got away with it?
I am not sure.  But I do know his speech was passionate about breaking down boundaries and for sports heroes to build legacies bigger than sports and contributing to the community.  
He's done a lot for the NFL. Did you know Green-Ellis went his entire NFL career without fumbling the ball?
I did not know that.  What I found interesting about the NFL inductions is that Country music star Tucker Beathard wrote a special song about his grandfather, Bobby Beathard's induction into the NFL Hall of Fame.  Are you a fan of country music?
Wow that's cool. Yes, I love country. What about you?
I like the older stuff.  Much of the newer stuff is like pop music.  George Strait is more my style.  Did you know he and Amazon's Jeff Bezos are cousins?
I love George Strait and that's really cool. Well, it was good talking to you!
hello, let's discuss football.
Can you believe Brady's JV high school football coach refused to play him?
really? why? I haven't heard about that.. I adored Italian A serie when i was a teenager
Who is your favorite qb?
Alessandro Nesta, I also liked Paulo Maldini aand Francesco Totti lol.. btw have you heard that Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games?
Yes, it was pretty ingenious. Now they have the Field goal attempt line too right?
I  can't even imagine lol and also The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0, I was shocked, how is that even possible
I find it funny that the visitor's locker room at Iowa University was painted pink...lol
lol yes it is funny. who is you favorite quarterback?
Im a huge fan of Baker Mayfield because he likes Halo 3 like me
wow so cool,  and do you like Alex Smith? I learned that Alex smith took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years, and began working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft.
Did you catch his gruesome leg injury a couple of weeks ago?
no. Did you know the fact that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl?
I thought there were other left handed QBs before?
No he is the only one. Which is your favorite drama movie or book?
I really like Sicario
I like A walk to remember, my childhood favorite movie. Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in house, it is very interesting to know
What tv drama does he act in?
I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.
Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!
Really? Which drama movies of him do you like>
The comedy in which he costars with Steve Martin in Scoundrels
do you watch the NFL?
yes, do you know who kellan moore is?
I have heard of him. DO you like Brady?
I do. Moore is the only QB that is left handed
Oh cool. Brady in high school was the resevre QB that never got started
Wow they sure lost talent there. Did you know Brad Johnson threw himself a touchdown?
What, how is that even possible?
Exactly why he down in history for being the only one to do it
Yeah I guess. Do you know ALex Smith finished college in two years?
No really? THat smart? Do you like drama?
I do. Have you ever seen House MD?
I have it is a good show. Do you know JOn Hamm?
Laurie made $700 000 per episode, Yes I like Hamm
That is a lot, Hamm was a drama teacher and one of his students was Ellie Kemper
Haha they are both too funny.. Do you listen to radio dramas?
Sometimes they can be interesting and you?
Yes and if you are interested there is a free website for them
Oh that is so nice and convenient and free
Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?
I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?
Nice. Caine became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama class
Do you watch football?
Heck yeah but not lately since the season is over. I only watch American football though.
Yea, that best kind lol. Do you watch both college and nfl?
Yeah but more NFL. I do like college once in a while though. The highest score ever in a football game occurred between Georgia Tech and Cumberland. It was 222 to 0.
That is an insane score. I wonder if they had a mercy rule created after that game lol. I would have quit at 100-0!
Yeah seriously. Well I don't think would have been in modern times because this occurred back in 1916.
wow, that was a long time ago. My favorite team is the Iowa Hawkeyes, heard of them?
Iowa State right? Is it true about their locker room?
University of Iowa, different college. It is very true, pink and everything
Oh that's right! Wow that is funny and very dramatic? Do you like the drama genre?
It is for psychology purposes. It is a calming color. I love some drama shows like House, you?
Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.
that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!
Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!
That is awesome, definitely worth the money! Do you have a favorite quarterback?
My favorite QB is Baker Mayfield. So glad he didn't go pro in video gaming!
I am glad too, I think I could have beat him in halo 3. Makes a better qb lol
I would like to see that match up! Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL!
i enjoyed the michael vick before the arrest, he was my all time favorite lefty. It was nice chatting with you!
Oh yeah I forgot about him. Alex Smith is good too which is no surprise that he is very smart! Nice talking with you as well.
Enjoy your day!
Hi, do you enjoy watching Football?
At times, yes.  I'm primarily a Bronco's fan, though, so I don't see a lot about other teams unless we play them.
That's cool, the Broncos aren't the same without Peyton Manning though, in my opinion. 
That's an understatement!  I mean, I know the QB is an important position, but losing one player like that shouldn't make the team crumble.
True, but he was iconic. What do you think about the Patriots?
I'm tired of them.  It's a great example of how a good team can make a quarterback look amazing.  But, take away even a couple of his targets, and Brady really starts to falter.  The same was true with RGIII.  As soon as they told him to stop running, his game collapsed because he didn't have the team supporting the rest of the play.
I think a lot of other people feel the same way, including myself. Apparently a Former Patriot Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball throughout his career.
Most players really do try their best.  For the pay they get, they have no excuse otherwise.  But, some of them end up with a good rep like that over time.  Others just have some bad luck and get taken out for it.  RGIII was a good example of that as well.  Good player, tried hard, did well, but when it came down to luck of play style, he got taken out and Alex Smith took his spot.
You really know your stuff, I like it! haha
Sadly, in my office, I'm on the low end of knowledge for football.  Some of the people I work with have been huge football fans since high school and before.  One came from a Texas HS team that had a stadium bigger than any we had here.
That cool. I was looking about Alex Smith and saw where he got his bachelor's degree in 2 years and then began working on his masters. 
Alex Smith is one of the hard workers in the league.  In addition to education, his own team members comment on just how dedicated he is to the job.
Do you like Drama tv shows or movies?
Ive never been much in to dramas.  Much more of a Sci-Fi/Fantasy type.
Oh well, the actor Hugh Laurie from House is the highest paid tv drama, making 700,000 an episode.
I did enjoy that show at the beginning.  But, with most dramas, it went a bit overboard in the stories and just ended up too melodramatic.
I believe that too. Jim Carrey actually doesn't play in dramas anymore because he feels like they don't bring any type of positivity.
I had heard that about him, and I like that.  It's much more his style.   Some people can do multiple genres, he's not really one.  Patrick Stewart can, though.  He not only does comedy voice overs, he also teaches drama classes in the UK.
I never really got into Star Trek, but he is a wonderful actor in X-Men. American Dad is good too, but I don't watch it much.
It's a fun show.  Short on drama, decent for comedy.  And lots of cameos by other actors.
I love the alien Roger, he's hilarious. 
If you get a chance, take a look at The Orville.  Same comedy style, just real actors.
Hello! Do you like football?
Um sure. i like football. i dont get much chance to watch these days. You?
Kind of the same situation, but I like the sport very much.. i like the Quarterback position, I think they are the backbone of the team
QBs are really important. I like defense. i like smashing the ball carrier.
wow that is cool too! Did you know who created the circular huddle?
it was not created long ago, in the history of the game, by a coach shrouded in the mists of time?
I found interesting that is was created by a deaf QB
That is great. A deaf player? I would never have guessed. must have been a great QB.
I think so too, his name is Paul D Hubbard. He had to create a way where nobody would see his sign language
that is a clever way to get the job done. i bet he wasnt a left handed qb though.
I do not know about him but being a left handed QB is really being a minority!
yes, they are a persecuted minority in my opinion! only one in the NFL?? what is going on??
Yes you are right! there is only one , only one left handed QB in the NFL, his name is Kellan Moore!
He is not deaf, though.
super special!! you know someone who as a player gave importance to education
I bet his name is Alex something? Alex ....something? I forget.
smith!! Alex Smith... he got a bachelor's in 2 years..that is a record
The man must be a hard working genius! i bet he is a great QB too.
I bet he was a great leader in his team!! Do you know what is the highest score ever in football?
It was the game between GT and Cumberland. it was a travesty. a shameful display by the GT coach.
wow!! nothing like that has happened ever since!! Well i find very pleasing talking about sports!
Good. I am glad that you enjoyed our chat! Have a good evening!
You do the same, see you next time
Hey there.  You follow college football much?  Been hearing about a Notre Dame quarterback named Ian Book.
i dont follow football too much. who is ian book?
He's apparently one of several quarterbacks at Notre Dame.  California native who seems to be doing real well this season.  
the chance to play for notre dame must be great. they love football there.
Yeah.  I don't follow football much either but really loved that movie Rudy about the kid who wanted to play for Notre Dame.  I'm a sucker for feel good dramas.  You have any favorite dramas?
sure. if you like sports films, i guess Hoosiers is good. Rudy is a fun film because it is based on a true story.
Oooh, I like Hoosiers as well.  Was that Gene Hackman in that movie?  I always mix him up with Michael Caine.  
Yeah, Hackman. plus Harry Dean Stanton. it was another movie based on a true story.
Wasn't Hackman in another football movie?  The Replacements?  There seems to be a lot of football movies.  Can't think of a lot of soccer movies, even though that probably a more popular sport worldwide.
bend it like beckham. there was a film about pele too. yeah, there should be more soccer films.
Ah I forgot about those.  Know of any rugby films?  
um, there is the one about south africa. invictus. matt damon. morgan freeman.
Wow, you're pretty good at this.  Does rugby have quarterbacks?  I figure Matt Damon would've played whatever the equivalent to that is.
uh, i dont think so. he was the captain i believe. some sort of key role. i dont know rugby
yeah, I don't know much about it either.  Just kind of watch highlights on ESPN.  You tune in to ESPN at all?
I dont watch espn too often. maybe if there is a game on that i will make a point of seeing.
I mostly tune in for scores.  But I do appreciate ESPN's use of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line in football games.
That is a benefit for viewers. it just seems so obvious to add. i guess it took a bit of technology to make it happen.
I think they won an emmy for that.  Well deserved I think.  I have a hard enough time following football as it is so that line is much appreciated. 
Yes, the superimposed graphics do make it easier to follow. Anyway, great chat!
take care.
hey there do you ever watch football?
Yes, I watch it a lot. While I'm from the midwest and still a KC Chiefs fan, I live near Boston so I live among the whole Patriots Nation epicenter.
ah I see, did you hear how Univ. of Iowa painted their visiting teams locker room pink?
Yes, I think that kind of funny, I wonder if that was to distract them from their game preparation or make them feel a little soft and feminine? Either way kind of funny I guess. I see where the 3 highest paid Department of Defense employees are football coaches. That is almost the same for State Employees being Football or Basketball coaches, that priority looks a little skewed to me.
yes I agree I don't like that, weird too that in the 60's bowlers made more than NFL players!
Yes, and the average engineer in a lifetime made more than the average NFL/MLP player so I guess there's some justice in society. I played high-school football, did you? Shocking that Allen, Texas holds 18,000, though I guess I read football a religion in Texas, I've never been there.
no I haven't but I want to go, did you hear about how the football huddle was created?
Yes, by a deaf guy so the other team couldn't lip read the plays. That was ironic because now the coaches and eveyone hides their lips behind a clipboard or paper. Did you see or know Brad Johnson threw a TD to himself? I assume it was batted in the air and came down in his arms so he ran it in, but I wasn't familiar.
haha I need to see that video, also cool that one Patriots player has never fumbled, I would give him the ball evry time!
haha, yes, as I said I live near Boston, but didn't know that. Did you see where both African-American QB's won Superbowls against Denver? Ironic there too.
that that is ironic, also weird that ESPN won an emmy for creating the yellow line in football games on tv!
Yes, did you know Russel Wilson is under contract as QB for Seattle and the NY Yankee's in baseball? That's a talented man.
oh for sure, so is Alex Smith, he got his bachelors degree in only 2 years!
Yes, I'm a KC Chiefs fan for the past 20 years and always liked the guy, though last year's understudy Patrck Mahomas had an MVP year so I was happy he got traded, but when he broke his leg, that was painful to watch and I felt for him. Did you watch the Office at all, the actor Jon Hamm taught Ellie Kemper (Erin) as a high-school drama teacher. Small world kind of situation.
wow that is interesting, also that Hugh Laurie gets so much money per episode of house, 700k!
I like that show, it makes me laugh but I didn't realize Hugh was paid that much. Wow, did you know Patrick Stewart teaches master classes in drama in the UK too. I guess acting and teaching to act aren't that far removed from the same skill set.
no it seems like it, did you ever like Jim carrey movies? Its sad he wont do dramatic roles anymore
Only the Truman Show which was as much sci-fi as drama I guess. Did you know drama comes from the Greek world for Action which is derived from the Greek work "I do". I guess since Aristotle's Poetics was the earliest work of dramatic theory that makes sense to me, does it to you?
ya I need to read it but it was from 335 BC, thats so long ago! interesting that he invented the genre!
Well, he wrote the first theory of drama, there's probably some cave man a thousand years before him trying to tell a story and dancing who really "invented" it and then someone told the same story in the cave and passed it on I'd guess. While it's high art, my grandmother's day stopped evey day for afternoon soap operas, did you know they got that name because of the soap company sponsorship? That might be considered low art.
ha interesting, I love soap but hate operas! also there is a website where you can hear free classic dramas and maybe some soaps!
Hi. Do you watch football?  By that I mean, american football.
Yes, I do. Do you watch it?
Yes I do.  Back in 1916 Georgia Tech scored the most points in a game when it defeated Cumberland.  The score was 222-0.  Wish I could have seen that game!
You'd think they would have pulled the QB at 60 - 0... What's the skunk rule?
I don't know but they should have done something different most definitely.  Maybe they just didn't value football like people do today.  Back in the sixties bowlers made more than football players.
Wow. I think today, engineers make more than the average football player.
Seriously?  I had no idea they made that much!
I think it has to do with football players only averaging 2.5 years of actual career time.
Oh.  I imagine good players that last longer make more then.  Benjarvus Green-Ellis for one. he's never fumbled the ball in his entire nfl career.
he was a good running back but he is no longer in the NFL. he only played in the NFL for 6 years...
Six years is okay, surprising though for his record.  Didn't he play for the Patriots?
Yes and the Bengals. I wonder if he was ever in Iowa's locker room?
Why?  Is there something about their locker room?
Their visitor's locker room is pinnk! I guess it is a psychological ploy...
It must be.  I don't think it works very well though.  They are not as good as say, Alabama and Clemson.
I know. They do have a nice ritual where they wave to all the kids in the cancer hospital after the 3rd quarter so we can't hate too much!
That is a nice ritual!  Espn should show that more often when they do it.  What did you think of Espn winning an emmy btw for their yellow line?
I feel like the Emmy's lowered the bar a lot to get them an emmy for that! 
It does seem odd but I like the line. It makes the game more interesting by knowing just how far a team has to go to get a first down.
I agree. It is more functional than two old white guys running down the sidelines with two sticks and a 10 yard chain.
Well it shows the viewers the exact line and adds some drama say on a third and long situation.
When I was a kid I always wanted to be a quarterback and lead my team but it was sadly not to be.
Hey even the greats like Tom Brady never got to play in high school, so you never know what might happen.
That's true.  I would have fit in better with Alex Smith though - he was so good in school he was working on a masters when he was drafted.
That is smart, get a good education.  Too many players go broke 5 years after leaving their sport.
Yes - the quarterback at Oklahoma almost quit football to compete in gaming
That doesnt sound like a profitable venture.  I am glad he stuck it out.
Did you know there is only one left handed quarterback?  It seems like there would be more - its an advantage in baseball
I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off.  I wonder how many there have been in history.
I am not sure.  I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs
It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.
Yes.  Other teams just do things to be goofy - like iowa painting the visiting team's locker room pink!
That must get in their heads, maybe the locker room was pink in the 222-0 loss.
laugh.  That is a shellacking.   Its no wonder bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s if that was the common game
That is hard to imagine, I wonder if the pay for bowlers was that good or the pay for football was that bad.
That is a good question.  Bet they both made less money than ESPN did when they got an emmy for the superimposed yellow line
That yellow line is genius!  I know many people who cant watch live because of that line.
It is useful - but not needed for folks like green-ellis of the Patriots.  He has never fumbled in his entire career.
That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.
Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!
I bet they are really regretting that decision now.  
No kidding!  Tom has won 4 Super Bowls
Hey there what do you think about Virginia Tech? Do you think Notre Dame will beat them
Georgia Tech's my alma mater so I know the ACC well.  I don't know, home at VA Tech can be hard.  They have this guy Ian Book.
European book is really good. He's thrown about 278 yards and four touchdowns in a second start. Very top player I think
Yeah, now I'm wondering if Georgia Tech plays Notre Dame.  They are an independent team (no in any conference).  Book is from CA and  is pretty amazing. 
Yeah he is amazing. Who was your favorite quarterback though by the way?
In college?  I liked Ryan.  Georgia Tech won the Nat'l Championship in 1990 but I can't remember the QB.
Yeah I don't remember him either. I do like Baker Mayfield, he's good at video games and he was going to be a professional video game player, I was also good at video games back in college LOL
Well, not as likely to get seriously injured with video games.  I like ND's coach Kelly.  He seems to work well with Book.  I think something good will happen there. 
Yep I could see that. Do you like Alex Smith though? He was about to get his master when he actually got accepted into the draft, he seems like a smart guy
I actually don't know much about him other than is smart academically. I did learn that Snoop Dog did his son's HS fight song...
That is really cool with them. I wonder what it sounds like. Did you ever hear about the top scoring football game of all time?
Wasn't that Georgia Tech and Cumberland? I'm not sure I'm proud of that...
Yes you're right. I wish we saw that game on television, because it sounds like quite a blow out LOL. You like the Patriots by the way?
I'm a Chiefs fan but like college football better.  BTW: 14 of the largest 25 stadiums in the world are for American college football teams.
Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis
That's amazing.  Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl. 
Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?
That is interesting.  I wonder how he was able to play QB?  Admirable... Do you enjoy watching dramas when you aren't watching football?  
I do like watching dramas. Do you think about Michael Caine? I think he's a great actor
I like him a lot.  I also like Patrick Stewart -- he teaches master drama classes in the UK.
Yes Patrick Stewart is a good guy. Do you like classic radio dramas? apparently there is a website where you can listen to them for free online
Not sure how much longer Football will exist in it's current form.
the game has caused a lot of injury. it is hard to know who is at fault. there are risks. its obvious.
I guess the question is how much the NCAA officials knew about the potential for serious damage and injury.
they might not have know exactly but they feared the possibility. too much money at stake to stop the game. too much liability to admit fault.
Money, money, money. Maybe it's time to go to flag football.
yes, then the whole thing could be co-ed. i wish the players had better representation in college. no one helps them.
Yeah, just kids really. I've got boys but have never encouraged them to play tackle football. Playing it before 12 has a lot of risks.
sports are important but most do not involve such risk of injury. basketball soccer baseball tennis swimming the list is endless. plenty of ways to compete. youre wise to protect your kids.
Yeah, we've done swimming, basketball etc.  
thats good. still, the country is dedicated to gridiron gladiators. 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams.
It's a big sport for sure with so much money. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Lots of commercials in there.
The high school football stadium in allen, texas seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build. i guess the pros have similar stadiums. all for 11 minutes of gameplay. i wonder if schools will ever get money like that.
Dunno, the average NFL player doesn't make that much money in the long run. Careers are too short.
true, plus they dont know how to manage money. no control no financial knowledge. i figure they should get help from the league.
Yeah, they should. Financial education is critical. I'm more of a literature person personally.
yes, you would need financial education then if you were a player. why was literature in the olympics?
No idea. I guess they were going for a full spread of culture or something. Hear about the contest to come up with the worst possible opening sentence in a novel?
It was a dark and stormy night. suddenly a shot rang out. good stuff! i figure i could be good at being terrible. 
LOL, that would be a lot of fun.  
Comedic fantasy author terry pratchett was knighted for his "services to literature". i wonder what kind of horrible opening lines he could come up with. Anyway, great chat!
Dunno, nice talking!
Do you like watching football?
I love watching it!  How about you?
I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?
I would have to say out of the 42 teams in the NFL the Steelers are my favorite.
Nice, I like the vikings. I like the University of Iowa Hawkeyes for college, have you heard of them?
I have!  I like how they painted their visitors locker room pink.  lol
Right, it is so interesting to see. Apparently pink is a calming color and why they do it lol
I could see that.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of the day!  Times have sure changed since then.
Times have changed for sure! I wonder what the difference is now in salary, has to be a ton
I be it's reveresed!  Do you know what the higest score ever was in a football game?  Hint it was in 1916 and Georgia Tech beat Cumberland.
what was the score to that 80-0?
It was actually 222-0.  What a blowout.
no way! That would be insane. I would have quit football right after the game if I was cumberland, wow!
lol Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv?  I had no idea.
I did not know that either. I love that line, it is so helpful. I used to think it was real growing up.....
lol Nice!  How about former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis?  He's never fumbled the ball once during his career!
That is a great feat! He needs to teach a clinic to these new RBs 
I agree!  What do you think of the tracking chips that they are putting in the players shoulder pads and footballs to track data?
I think it is awesome. Must be developed by engineers who make more money than players over their life time. It was nice chatting with you!
That's probably due to their longer careers.  Did you know that the NFL only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?  I had fun!  Thanks!
That is amazing! Enjoy your day!
do you like tennis?
I love and watch it a lot, and you?
Nice me too. Do you know what the relation of the sport to the polo shirts is?
Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste
Yes and then the other players just adopted it and it became famous
Yeah. Did you know only one black man has won the US open?
Yea in 1968 and no one after him. Weird
Yeah I know. Once they used a helicopter to dry a tennis field
Wow desperate times call for desperate solutions I guess

Yeah I know. Do you know how long the longest game laster?
Yes that  was for three days and a total of 11 hours
that is so long. How about the NFL, do you watch it?
I sure do. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
Yes I wonder if it supposed to have some effect on the opposing team though
I wonder too. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then
I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yes that was way vack in 1916 but quite something still
Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yes there are not rules against that as long as they qualify
Are you a fan of football?
I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?
I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?
I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?
Nice I am a Vikings fan, not doing so hot as of late. I also like the University of Iowa Hawkeyes, did you know they paint their opponents locker room pink?
No I didn't know this. Did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football players?
That is crazy to think, I wonder what the difference in salary is now, probably substantial
Now there is no contest football players make way more than bowlers that's for sure. What do you think about the new rule that was implemented by the NFL?
Which rule is that?
Its the rule that a player can't lower his helmet and initiate contact with an opposing player.
That is a good player because of safety concerns, but also was awesome to see back in the day when it was allowed. How do you feel about it
I think it will decrease injuries and I think its a great rule because it protects the football players from serious head injuries.
For sure, that is a huge problem now. Did you know engineers make more money in their lifetime than NFL players
I didn't know this but its an interesting fact. What year did the NFL and the AFL merge?
I am not sure, do you know? Wasn't Trump an owner of an AFL team?
The merger between the two leagues was completed in 1970. I'm not sure if Donald Trump was an owner of an AFL team.
I think he maybe was for another league, seems like new ones are coming out every year now. Being youre a patriots fan, did you like benjarvus green ellis?
I loved benjarvus green elis and I read somewhere that he never fumbled in his career.
Right, that is outstanding in my opinion. He needs to teach a clinic to all these new era RBs! It was so great chatting with you!
It was awesome chatting with you as well. You have a nice day!!!
You too! Enjoy the weekend!
How's it going, do you watch the NFL? A lot of teams like the Redskins are upset at the new rules
Hi there, I watch it from time to time so I am not really up to date with what us going on. I know that their coaches are the highest paid
I guess there is confusion with whats a penalty and players are getting suspended for it
Oh I see, yeah I guess that can be confusing when you start changing things around after so long
Yea, apparently players and coaches have been complaining about the new rules since the preseason
Yeah and they are reasoning that this is a contact sport so it is supposed to be tough
That and they find it unfair other players like running backs don't get in trouble for doing the same thing
Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?
No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy
Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium
They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player
Yeah that is a good point. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players?
Yea they put the chips in shoulder pads and the footballs to track speed and stuff
Yeah, I wonder if there is any way to use that data to make the game safer too and reduce concussions 
Hopefully they are. It's crazy how dangerous the NFL is when there is only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay
Yeah go figure. Matt Patricia is the only scientist that turned football coach, what a change in career
Yea, he use to coach for the patriots, I wonder if he gave Benjarvus Green-Ellis advice on not fumbling the ball during his nfl career
I think that is so amazing that he managed to do that. On another topic, do you go to the library a lot?
Sometimes, I never knew there were more libraries than Mcdonalds in the US
That is a pretty cool fact. A kid in Malawi read from books how to build a windmill and managed to build two for his village and brought power in
Well I got to go, it was nice talking with you
I am glad to see that the NFL is taking steps to make the sport safer, but some of these rule changes have to be hard on the players
Yes. I agree.  Especially the rule where a player cannot lower his helmet and initiate contact with an opponent.  It all happens so fast to be able to make a split second decision sometimes.
The players are so used to playing the game one way, it is a lot to ask for them to suddenly change how they play
I agree.  Maybe the tracking chips that they are putting in the players shoulder pads will help to develop some new protective measures that will help.
Yes, football has come a long way from the days of leather helmets and no forward passing.
lol Yes it has.  I notice that the shoulder pads and protective gear seems to smaller than it was in say the 70s and 80s.  The shoulder pads are quite a bit smaller.  I think it's made the players able to become faster which is part of the problem with some of the vicious hits the players take.
Just like most other sports.  Athletes of today are bigger, stronger and faster.  Plus all of the focus on nutrition and training.  
True.  There is no written rule against female players in the NFL.  It makes me wonder if a girl were to make it.
I imagine if they are tough enough then they'll get signed on by a team
I guess so.  lol  Did you know that the NFL was actually formed in 1920 as the American Professional Football Association before renaming itself the National Football League in 1922?  
I did not know that.  The NFL sounds a lot better than the APFA.  
Yes it does.  lol  It wasn't though until the NFL merged with the American Football League in 1966 that the NFL we know today came to be.
It is similar to basketball.  The NBA and the ABA used to be two separate leagues.  Then they merged in the 1960s or 1970s.
That I didn't know.  I don't follow basketball as close as I follow baseball and football.  I know the pay scale has changed for the NFL players because in the 1960's top bowlers of that era made twice as much as the NFL players did back then.
I am sure now most NFL players make more in a week than the top Bowlers do.  
I'm sure they do. lol  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL  or MLB player.  Probably just because the engineers have longer careers.
I would imagine so.  The average NFL career is less than 3 years long.  And the guys who only play 3 years or so do not make the higher level salaries
I agree.  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line?  I didn't know that.
Now it is hard to imagine watching a game without that line.  
I know right?  I just read about the highest football game ever.  It was in 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0.  Wow!  Cumberland must have been really really bad.
If I was the coach I would of resigned.  No way I could go back in the locker room after that one
Hi. Do you watch football?
yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you
Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl. 
it is boring, there is only about 11 minutes of actual gameply in any football game, that explains why I don't like them!
Yes! There was once a game where the score was 222 to 0. That must have been a sight to see!
I think I heard about that game, georgia tech beat cumberland, man I would have given up once it hit 100-0 haha
Haha. I can't imagine that happening in the NFL. There's actually no rule that says females can't play in the NFL. I wonder if that will ever happen. 
ya it wouldn't surprise me, what does surprise me is that player for the patriots, he's never fumbled the ball, that is crazy!
He's going to feel terrible if that record is ever broken! I think it's Benjarvus Green-Ellis. 
ya I would worry every game haha, have you seen that yellow line that appears on TV when watching football? ESPN won an emmy for creating that
That's pretty cool. I thought players made a ton of money but apparently engineers make more in a lifetime. 
ya that is shocking to me, also shocking is that the NFL uses tracking chips to get stats on their players
Yeah, they're in the player's shoulder pads! Technology really has advanced in the game!
how often do you read? apparently there are more libraries than there are McDonal's, at least in the USA
Not as often as I would like! I have a library card, though. 
yes I have one too, it's good to know that over half of USA adults have a library card apparently
Yes, that's reassuring! There's a library in California where you can borrow things like sewing machines that you might only use once. That's pretty cool!
wow that is nice, also nice is William Gladstone who donated his entire book collection, 32,000 books, to his library when he was 85 years old
He carried all his books in a wheelbarrow to the library, too!
that is impressive! equally impressive is the man who was wrongfully imprisoned and spent 10 years studying law to prove his innocence
Good for him! Thanks for chatting! Have a great weekend. 
thanks you too, keep track of your library card!
Trump and Stone knew very well what Wikileaks had in their hands with those emails
Is that a fact?
I think the email to Bannon back in October proves it.
Fake news! 
But a copy of the email was published by NY times and Daily Caller, how fake can it be?
Haha - just as telephone, or phone, is a telecommunications device that permits two or more users to conduct a conversation when they are too far apart to be heard directly, those two rags can perpetrate nonsense. Right?
Mueller has the evidence as well as the focus to shed the necessary light on the actual truth of the matter
I'm looking forward to the conclusion!
The conclusion of collusion...lol
I like the rhyme! Did you know the that the last us president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr?
I did not know that. 
Oh sure and everyone thinks Trump is illegitimate president because he didn't get the popular vote but 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. greatest margin 10%!
I would have liked to see the runner up last election be the VP to bring some order to this chaos as of late.
Well sure and I would've like it to be Bill Murray because he DID voice the human torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show.
The canadian radio shows have to play at least 40 percent of canadian music which means tons of Justin Bieber
Egad - he's not my favorite!
My grandfather once told me a story about how he had made his first radio with only a razorblade and a pencil
Is your grandfather MacGyver?
no, many soldiers during that time did the same thing
WOW! Cool like the fact that one of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist, a fact which baffled contemporary critics.
Have you checked out the free classical dramas on the radio
Like old ones or present day?
old classical ones
Merry Christmas? Let's finish this thing so that I can go check them out!  
Time to listen to my radio
indeed!
hi, do you listen to the radio?
I do in the car. How about yourself?
Yes me too. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storm in the am radio
Wow! That's amazing. I would love to hear that. I have heard that you can make a radio with rudimentary parts. Soldiers in WWII could make one with a razorblade and pencil. 
that is amazing. wonder what channels they were able to capture on that though
That's a good question. There is also a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free. I wonder if those are still entertaining?
I have never listened to one . Do you speak any latin?
I definitely do not. I had to take medical terminology in college and there was a lot of that in there but that's the extent of my knowledge. 
Well apparently there is a radio in Finland that gives their news in latin
That's very odd. I can't imagine who the audience is for that. Off topic but do you happen to know who the top three wealthiest US presidents were?
I think it was jfk, washington and jefferson, right?
That is correct. Do you happen to know if the guest house was built after the white house?
Yes it was and now it is bigger than the white house
I assume it was since it is bigger. I wonder why that made that decision?
I am not sure actually. do you use your phone much?
I mostly text with it. I worked in a call center for a long time and I hate talking on the phone now. 
Did you ever use a rotary phone?
I did when I was very young. It's been a very long time. 
Yeah that was ages ago. How about a phone book?
Long time for that also. I just look online. Did you know that the cables that carry our internet and phone data across the ocean are only 2.7 inches around?!
Wow and who knows how long too. Nice chatting with you
I would have to say that the telephone is one of the most important devices ever invented. Where would we be without telecommunications.
For sure.  Did you watch the State of the Union last night delivered by President Trump?  Surprisingly he is not one of the three wealthiest presidents in American history.
Well, his net worth may well be negative. President Banana fo Zimbabwe probably had more moneof
Possibly.  JFK, Jefferson, and Washington certainly had more.  They are the three wealthiest presidents in history.
Well, the President of Indonesia has done 3 pop albums. That sounds like something up President Trump's alley.
Did you know until 1805 the runner up in the election became vice president.  Can you imagine Trump working with Hillary?
I did not know that. Who would get the guest house?
Not sure, good question.  I know it's larger than the white house which is ironic.
But its not in NYC. So it would take longer to dial it up, at least on a rotary phone.
Right, because NYC's area code is 212.  I get it.  
It doesn't matter on an iphone though, which is more powerful in some ways that the entire US Nuke deterrent system.
That's amazing.  And all of that computing power dependent on a 2.7 ich cable laying across the ocean floor.
Back in the day, WW2 soldiers could make radios using a razorblade and pencil. They were probably more secure than todays devices.
Most likely.  Hard to hack a razor blade I suppose.  I bet those soldiers were strong, but not strong enough to separate two phone books joined together with overlapped pages.
Was Helen Sloane Dudman strong enough to do that? She bought 3 radio stations. That's impressive.
Yeah, that does sound impressive.  I wonder if she ever listened to one of the thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas online.
I think she preferred Nuntii Latini.
Kinda like Canadians prefer Canadian radio.  They require at least 40% of the music played to be Canadian.
No wonder the President of Indonesia couldn't get any airplay!
Either that or he wasn't very good.  
He was no President Banana. 
That's for sure.  Well, pleasure chatting with you.
Same here. 
Hello. How are you?
I'm doing well, you listen to the radio very much?
yes Even more so when I am driving
Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.
Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.
I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?
I dont think those sounds are from Aliens.  But they have picked up sounds from space that make me wonder
For sure, did you see in Canada, 40% of the songs played have to be Canadian? That's pretty wild.
I am surprised by that
I'm sure this will blow you away too, in WW2, soldiers made simple radios using a razorblade and a pencil.
I would like to google that to see how thats done. 
Yah, I'm sure there is a youtube video or too on it. You ever heard of the reason why NYCs area code is 2-1-2?
No. I should being I have dialed it so much in my life, but I dont
It's because it's the fastest number to dial on the rotary, think about how much time you have saved because of it.
Wow. I never knew that.
Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?
Yes. I knew that one.
Do you see UNICEF donating a day of clean water to a child in need, all you need to do is not use your phone.
That is a great idea.
For sure, I wonder how many people do that? Any idea on why you can't separate two phonebooks that have their pages over lapped?
No. That seems strange.
What a mystery. Anyways, great chatting with you, hope you have a good rest of the day, I'm going to go for a walk!
howdy there. do you like radio? 
Hi! Yes, I do. Radio is convenient for easy background noise and is fascinating tech.
it is good for drowning out my wife and kids when they are complaining about hunger. i like radio.
Did you know that canadian radio mandates there be a certain percentage of canadian music played?
yes, the canadian radio industry really has it in for foreign bands. they want the airwaves for their own talent. it is nepotism.
Perhaps. There are always other resources though. There is a web page dedicated to classic radio dramas...and it's totally free! 
dont tell the canadians about it or theyll want 40 percent of it to be canadian. LOL. it think its great that old, outdated things are preserved on the internet.
Right? Not sure which is worse...40% Canadian...or totally in Latin like the finnish broadcast 'nuntii latini' lol
i guess the canadians would want the news in canadian latin. LOL i like the idea of dead languages used for the news. 
Using only dead language keeps a lot of people from it, and access to information shouldn't be restricted. Even in foxholes, soldiers cut off from most of the world, were still communicating the 'news' and status of their current lives...and they did it all with a razorblade and a pencil. Absolutely mind-blowing!
i guess foxholes are a crucible that inspires creativity. i think its great that they could listen to the news in latin in a foxhole.
Thank goodness for the telephone then, eh? Though not as convenient as electromagnetic waves, cables on the ocean floor still transfer information as well as personal connection all across the globe.
the telephone has changed my life for sure. so many telemarketers...so many spam calls. i curse the man who invented the phone
Okay, that's fair. I don't know how many numbers I've had to block due to auto calls and other robotic spam. Maybe I should just plain turn it off, I hear there's a charity that'll give clean water to kids if you do that.
i figure that the kids could use the water but can people do without their bloody phones? the sun could explode and people wouldnt notice unless twitter told them.
You are preaching to the choir! Crazy to think what the world would be like if every phone just *poof* vanished. Why do we need phones that have more computing power than nuclear missile deterrents?? Its nuts.
to be fair, the texting is not so good on the nuclear deterrent. plus sometimes it explodes. but I hear you. the electronic tether is robust.
Don't let the US president find out that as easily as he can use twitter, he can blow stuff up. That's just a recipe for disaster. Too bad he isn't occupied with other hobbies, like presidents from other places on the planet.
other hobbies involving pop albums? i shudder to imagine. anyway, great chat!
It would keep things interesting! Haha. Ah, yeah. Nice to meet you... :)
nice to meet you too. have a good one!
:)
Hello! Did you find any of the articles interesting? I found the one about the Radio and the Telephone very interesting, as I have a background in technology.
Yes, I loved learning about radios and telephones. 
I love knowing about those kinds of things. I remember reading recently about a Russian radio frequency called UBV-76. It has been broadcasting a signal for over 40 years. In that entire time, it has only stopped the signal a handful of times to broadcast a cryptic message.
It is crazy deciphering cryptic messages. Have you heard of foxhole radios?
I have never heard of them, what are those?
Soldiers in WWII made simple radios using a razor-blade and a pencil!
Wow, that's really incredible. I would like to try building one myself. It's crazy too that the entire intercontinental ballistic missile defense system is less powerful than an iphone.
I find that hard to believe! How do they even measure that?
I'm not sure...other than the computing power. I know that a lot of places still use REALLY old technology. I work in the healthcare industry and still see floppy disks being used for heart research purposes. It's amazing to see technology that is older than me still in use haha.
That is crazy. I have never used a floppy disk.
If you are lucky, you can fit one low quality song on it hahaha. The average song is around 4 to 7 megabytes -- it can only fit 1.44 megabytes.
Wow! Have you ever head a jupiter radio storm?
I have heard of storms on Jupiter before, I didn't know that it was powerful enough to be heard on Earth. Jupiter has a supermassive hurricane always spinning on the planet. I heard the winds were several hundred miles per hour, or kilometers.
That is crazy! I wonder what the storms sound like on the radio. 
I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?
I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents. 
After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than business. Does your country have a president?
I live in the US. Have you heard about the name of the first president of zimbabwe?
I did not know his name was Banana until I read about it!
I wonder if that was his real name or just a nickname?
It looks like it was his real name. I'm surprised the Indonesia president has the time to make songs in office. 
Me too! I am going to go listen to it. It was nice talking to you. 
Hey. Do you enjoy listening to the radio?
I do.  I like it on in the background when I am working or driving.
Nice me too, especially when driving. I occasionally use the AM radio but have never picked up a Jupiter radio storm.
Well, there probably is not much playing on Jupiter radio anyway so you aren't missing much
Yes very true. In 1989 a Finnish radio station began broadcasting a weekly news program in Latin! I wonder how many listeners they have?
I bet it finally gave people who majored in Latin something to listen to.  So maybe 4 or 5 people?
Yes exactly lol. In Canada 40% of the music played on the airwaves has to be Canadian!
At least Canada has some decent bands like Barenaked Ladies to fill in the music slots
Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.
I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television
Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump.  But JFK surprises me 
Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!
I wonder if he had time to actualy run the country.  Recording 3 albums is a long process
Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!
NO it would not.  The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work
I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.
I bet there are some wild parties there. Diplomats, celebrities, Presidental mistresses, athletes.
Sounds like a  good tv show! Or perhaps a radio drama. I wonder if there are a lot of iphones in the white house? The iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear deterrent! Lovely chatting with you today!
Well, they still use floppy disks in the white house, so they might not allow a lot of phone usage
That is so archaic! Probably use those old rotary phones too.
Could be.  Good chatting with you.
do you listen to the radio?
I do sometimes. A Hanson song once became popular because they would not reveal the artist
Wow I guess people are drawn to mystery. DO you listen to AM or FM radio?

I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things
I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms
WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist
WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?

I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out
Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out
Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes
That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades
That is so creative. Do you use the phone much?
ALl the time. Do you know why the NY area code is 212?
I have no idea but I know that the inventor of a dial phone was an undertaker
Oh that is cool. The area code is such because it is easy to dial on a rotary phone
I see Dolphins can communicate with each other over the phone and know who is on the other side of the line

SO cool. The radios in Canada are required to play 40% canadian music, that is the law
WOw that is a bit excessive. Did you know that Hey Lamarr helped with the invention of the cell phone?
Nice. In Finland they have a radio station that gives the news in latin

SO cool. Nice chatting with you
Same here have a great one
Hi, do you listen to the radio a lot? I still think it's a great form of entertainment despite it's age.
I do, I know its old tech but I love listening to the radio still. 
It's really interesting that radio waves also occur naturally.
It is cool, how did we even discover them and got to use them, there's a real genius behind that invention 
I believe it's because they occur naturally that we discovered them, and then later learned how to use them. You can actually pick up radio signals from jupiter at home with a regular am radio when the storms are intense.
The radio has a lot of cool facts also that in 1989 a latin news program was created, I think its still around. 
I only know some scientific names in latin, but i guess listening to that would be a good way to learn more.
It would be a great way, I don't understand a word of latin but it does sound like a nice show, theres also a website that has thousands of drama episodes for free. 
Can you download them or is it just streaming? I'll have to check that out for sure. It's nice to get lost in a radio drama where you have to use your imagination, unlike say a tv show.
I think you can download them I have no idea, Ive just heard about the site recently, must be a cool site though. 
I'm looking for it now on my smartphone. Did you ever use a rotary phone back in the day? Do you even know what they are?
I did use a rotary phone my grandma had one back in the day, phones have evolved a lot over the years.
Yes, those things had no computing power, no computer at all! Very primitive electronics. I saw one at a yard sale recently. I haven't used one in decades.
Do you know why the area code of New York is 212? its actually because of rotary phones. 
Yes, it's the fastest code to dial! Actually I looked up rotary phones after seeing one thinking it might be worth something. Turns out they are worthless lol.
Yeah I think they are worthless by now, I prefer smartphones. Its insane how much power an iPhone has. 
Yes an iphone has more computing power then the us nuclear icbm deterrent. Each iphone becomes more powerful then the last and they come out every single year!
Thats amazing right, so much power in my pocket, its also kind of scary our nuclear deterrent should be updated ASAP.  
Probably they can't take it offline to upgrade. That would be the only logical reason why they use less computing power then the average person holds in their hand.
Yeah I guess that makes sense, still scary, did you hear about the campaign UNICEF has concerning clean water and children? 
Yes. I saw that but decided I would keep using my phone. I just made a donation for $20 because I couldn't do without it! Speaking of phone I need to make a call. It was nice talking to you.
I think that's great, you are contributing I might do the same I can't live without my phone, it was great chatting with you as well, bye. 
Hi, do you know much about the technical aspects of telephone
I know that voice in transformed into electrical impulse which are transmitted by cable. Cellular phone works by encoding the data then transmitting it. 
Oh, your explanation is making so much sense.  Thank you.
There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone. 
That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.
I don't know about that, since the phone was invented in the late 1800s, there were a few big cities at that time. 
Exactly.  I find it very amazing that all of the phone and internet data is conveyed through an only 2.7 inches in diameter cable across the bottom of the ocean
Yeah, I wonder if they snap from time to time, 2.7 inches is not a lot compared to thousands of miles.
I agree with your point there, and I am worrying the same issue.  Btw, I am wondering that us having a backup device to store these information in case the cable snapped
They probably designed to system so 1 cable can be broken but people won't notice. Like having 2 kidneys.
I concur.  Having only 1 kidney is sufficient for survival.  that is a very good analogy
But those system are getting more complex as phones get more computing power. The IPhone is more powerful than the computers built in the 60s.  
I am surprised to know about this fact.  I do not know what kind of power that an iphone uses so that much energy is consumed
Computers are more efficient so they don't need as much power as in the 60s. Like radios that became smaller in the 80s and they could invent the walk-man.
phone and computer technology have gone a very long distance since their invention.  Did you know that unicef will donate clean water for a day to needed child for every minute we do not use our cell phone
That is interesting, does texting counts ? Or is it just the voice ?
I am not sure.  Also, I am wondering about the purpose of not using our phone and what benefits of not using our phone brings?
You are right, how does someone make money from the non-usage of someone else's phone ?
It is fascinating that soldiers in WWII used only a razorblade and pencil to make a simple radio
The principle of a radio is catching an electrical wave, is it quite simple, If you are near an emitter, sometimes you can hear it in your speakers without even tuning. 
I learn something new from you.  That is interesting to know.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your holiday
Thanks, you too.
Bye
bye
I love to read romantic novels. What type of books do you like to read?
Yes, I love to read those romantic novels as well though I haven't done much reading lately ever since football season started and now basketball. Any favorites in particular?
I am a huge fan of what Sarah MacLean recommends. She's a washington post column. 
Oh Ok, I'm not too familiar with her work, I'll have to look it up after the chat. I do follow a couple of sports authors and read an opinion piece on why the author thinks the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink.
Do you have a list of sport authors for books you have read?
I like books by Michael Lewis and Ellie Kennedy but recently there's been more debate about the dangers of football on head injuries. Those articles are really convincing, how do you feel about football?
I know a lot of facts about NFL and I watch the superbowl, but other than that, I'm lost for words as to why people like football. How can a game with 11 minutes of live gameplay take 3 hours of air time.
Haha, I feel the same way! It's because they need to play ads so as to beat the average lifetime earnings of engineers because supposedly their earnings are higher than the average lifetime earnings of NFL players which I find hard to believe.
Damn, I did not know engineers made that much. I should have gone into the STEM field back in college. That's a factoid to add to my future discussions. 
Yeah, I should've done that too and if my kids ever wanted to be professional cheerleaders, I would be very opposed to it especially since the Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as the NFL players. They're humans too!
That sounds like borderline discrimination but I guess they don't want the cheerleaders to influence the game. They must have had previous encounters of bad press.
Yeah or gender bias too! Not sure, I didn't read about that in the news, at least not anytime recently, I'm surprised there's no MeToo campaign surround that rule!
I guess it's only a #MeToo moment if they were touched. I doubt they were. I'm surprised that there's no female NFL players, since it is no written rule against this. 
Good point, but there's something wrong with that rule. Yeah, but even if females can play, I'd imagine some would have a difficult time meeting the leagues physical eligibility requirements, I'm not sure what that is, do you know?
I don't know. There are some muscular females out there in the world. Certain some of them can give people a run for their spot.
Yeah, women can be aggressive and strategize as well! They even use tracking chips to monitor and record the players move on the field, I would love to see the data on that.
I wonder if that's their attempt to bring statistics into the game, similar to how baseball is all a statistical game. Sounds like some 1950 harvard mathematic research team with the latest gadgets.
Haha, that would be cool to track, like how fast a quarterback can throw a ball or the force at which someone tackles. I wonder if the player's contracts for salary are adjusted because they're either one of the fastest players or something.
I doubt the franchise would even know what to do with this data. A lot of them are retired football players who just knows the old fashion game play and will probably never adopt new technology.
Oh that's a good point. Besides football, I also like to watch comedies and find bromantic comedies to be especially popular and funny.
Yes. I love harold and kumar. I also love white castle. Maybe I should go for some white castle burgers after this.
Haha yeah! I have never had any White Castle before, though I would love to try some time after seeing their love for the burgers.
There should still be a few of them around. Well I'm gonna head out for a burger run. Have a good one.
Hello there, do you follow football much?
I do! My favorite of the 32 teams is the dolphins. We haven't been good since the 70's.
Well you certainly started the season pretty good and I think had one of the best plays of the year, I think? lol. 
I love to watch even though there is only 11 minutes of gameplay.
Isn't that crazy when you think about it.  I know that on tv I don't notice so much but when you go to a live game you do much more. 
I would love to see their behind the scenes tech, specifically the chips reports from the players pads that show every move.
Same here, and I think a lot of all that tech stuff helps with player safety as well. 
Hopefully! CTE is scary. The risk they take on should be compensated better; engineers make more in a lifetime than players.
It really is, I think all parents with children interested in playing should watch that Concussion movie. 
Concussion was certainly not a comedy! There was no humor on that topic.
No, not the usual Will Smith movie, I thought it was really good, and that issue is no joke and will continue to be!
Will Smith's best bromance movie was Bad Boys. Other really funny bromances were the hangover, pineapple express, and harold and kumar.
Yeah I remember watching Bad Boys, that was pretty entertaining. 
My favoite sitcom was friends. I miss it. I did not think 3rd rock from the sun deserved the golden globe in 1997 over friends.
Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there.  I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok. 
I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.
Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right! 
It is a natural talent. Demetri martin took the gamble on comedy when he left Harvard law school.
That is true, and I think it paid off in the long run for him.  Did you see what Bill Murray said of the movie, Kung Fu Hustle?
I love Bill Murray! My favorite of his was Ghostbuster's. I know he loved kung fu hustle but I am not familiar with a quote.
Oh yeah that was one of my all time favs growing up when I was a kid.  It's been nice chatting, hope you have a good day!
Hey can you guess the top 3 richest presidents in history?
I know about jefferson and wasington? WHo else is in there?
well I thought it would be Trump but it is actually JFK, weird!
Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?
haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha
yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though
ya I don't know haha, I think President Banana shoudl release a pop album though like the pres. of indonesia did haha
yeah that guy honestly, a president and a pop star. wonder fi they are good
haha I'll have to check it out, did you know that teh runner up in the Pres. election used to become the VP? Trump and Hillary could have been in the white house together, maybe they release a pop album together? hah
hahahha that would have been funny. did you know the white house has twin buildings in ireland and france?
ya I think they're like twin buildings so exactly the same, do you think the interiors have similar paintings and desks or is it completely different? haha
I have no idea. and do the presidents of those countries like there too?
haha thats a good question, did you like Teddy Roosevelt? I think he's pretty awesome, he would wrestle wild animals haha
I heard he also banned christmas trees from the white house
ya he did, and he also gave a speech, got shot in the chest, and then continued giving the speech haha
pretty amazing. did you know they still use floppy discs at the white house?
haha I have heard they do! But they do have solar panels so at least that is somewhat advanced
yes I like that. do you watch football?
I watch it a bit I saw the superbowl, I was glad the Patriots won and they have a teammate who has never fumbled the ball!
yeah that is actually pretty amazing, good for him. did you know espn won and emmy?
I did know that, I think for that yellow line on tv? Definitely a great invention!
Yeah, that is it. nice chat
Hello, are you a fan of football?
Not really mostly college football at my Alma mater.
I wonder if your school's team is good. I know the highest score in college football ever was 222-0. 
My team, WVU Mountaineers, good or bad get my support and they do well but have ups and downs. I think it's just the fan support and community support that we all share for our state.
That's fair, hopefully they support other teams to some extent as well. I know the University of Iowa doesn't, they even paint visiting locker rooms pink.
Well that's the competition mentality taken to extreme, so prevalent today, I think at these times we are missing the point really.
That's a fair point, competition inspires people to be better. I'm sure Benjarvus Green-Ellis faced a decent amount to inspire him, probably how he never fumbled the football ever.
Yes, I agree, when he played it was probably a completely different game.
I think it's good that competition inspires innovation though. ESPN even won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line for first downs.
Yes, that was a good one, but I really think it was an effort to take the "human error" part out of the game. Most people have a problem with officiating in such a fluid game.
Speaking of "human error", are you interested in politics?
Somewhat but the stuff going on now really makes me want to keep that stuff off my radar in order to get through the day with at least some peace and tranquility.
I think you have to find humor in it somehow. For example, the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums in office, that's funny to think.
That's hilarious but it makes you wonder what the motivation is for people like that.
No clue, I'm sure money must have been a motivation. Trump is somehow not one of the three wealthiest US Presidents ever.
That is interesting and I do believe that. I support Trump but I don't agree with everything. Then again he is not a politician but a businessman and I think that is the difference that people can't quite put together.
Presidents certainly seem to place their personal beliefs in office and aren't able to separate them. I know Roosevelt banned  Christmas trees because he was a conservationist.
Well they are like everybody else they have their own thoughts on things and I think they should be able to express those thoughts to a certain degree.
That's definitely fair. However they should pay the same diligence to important things as well. It somehow took the White House 4 days to realize bullets had hit them on 9/11.
I know, pretty unbelievable, but it seems now nobody is required to do their jobs to get paid. I see it everyday. It's a general decline in society that has been unchecked for some time. Just my take on it.
That certainly seems true sometimes. At least they can be socially responsible at times, I know George W. Bush put solar panels back on the White House.
I think that was probably a good gesture for him to do but the actual benefit is still probably debatable.
I'm sure it was, it probably gave him more credability than President Banana of Zimbabwe, who probably lost credibility just because of his name.
I have never heard about him but I give him props for not changing it.
For sure, on the other hand props to the election system for improving over time. If we stuck to old ways, the vice president would just be whoever was runner up, that certainly wouldn't work today.
Nope, that would not work. At least it shows we can make adjustments to the system that benefit everybody regardless.
Absolutely, we can continue to improve and look forward to the future. Anyway, it was nice chatting with you!
Yes, it was nice chatting with you as well. 
Take care!
Hi, how are you?
Good, but a little sad that the Superbowl is over. Do you like football, and if so, what did you think of the Superbowl this year?
I didn't watch, but I heard it was pretty slow. It got exciting at the end. The Patriots won again. Hm.
If you like a high scoring shoot-out, this was anything but that. I like the fast-paced style, similar to Canadian football. This installment was tediously slow. A defensive battle.
Last year's Superbowl was better. Quite a contrast to the drubbing that Cumberland took in 1916.
These teams needed something to help them perform better offensively--maybe a fight song--somthing similar to the one written by Snoop Dog for his son's school.
Snoop! He really has the talent. He should run for office, maybe president.
I wonder what his net worth is these days. Did yo know the highest paid employees of the US Department of Defense are football coaches? But I bet they can't rap!
Sports brings in the money, so coaches command high salaries. In an age when we need scientists and engineers, the money goes to spectacle.
Yup. But our children are trained that way. Have you ever been to a high school football game in Texas? Down in Allen Texas they have a high school stadium worth ^60 million and which seat 18,000 fans. Yeah, we train our children toward spectacle.
The parents and community members in those Texas towns probably don't have much else for entertainment. Still, once high school is done, those students will not be players. They need education.
That is unless the high schoolers go on to college, where the spectacle continues! 14 or the world's 25 largest stadiums are at American colleges.
Schools want money, and alumni want winning teams. It's funny that bowlers used to make more money than football players back in the 60s.
Bizarre, right?  I live in a college town, and on game day, flags are flying all over town, with the biggest being a 1000-lb American Flag monster at the football stadium, screaming, "If you live this country, your gotta love this game!"
I enjoy football, but not to that degree. People should devote more time to following presidential politics.
Those presidential wanna-bes will soon be invading all the early primary and caucus states, but it will be a while before they fill up stadiums like the President. Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration, and John Wilkes Booth was in that picture. Ironic that it signals the death of humility in Politics.
The next election is bound to be an interesting. i don't know who the Dems will finally pick, but for the next 12 months it will be confusion. I've heard that the White House still usues floppy disks. I wonder if that's for security.
Maybe. They should use fancy encryption technology, but then they would not know how to translate them back to english. FDR was the last president ot be able to speak a foreign language fluently. 
Well, I enjoyed chatting wtih you!
And I enjoyed texting with you as well. I the presidential election makes a turn for the better. I hope the victor gets a clean majority of electoral AND popular vote to send a strong message to washington.
Ok
Good afternoon, hope it's going well for you. Are you interested in politics? 
A lot more since Trump has been President!
It's interesting that the power a president has depends on what form of government there is in the country. We tend to assume they are all like the US and a republican form of government.
In parliamentary republics, they are largely ceremonial.
 Yes, like in the UK. I like the way they did things before 1850 where the runner up became Vice President. Maybe things were a little more balanced then since I assume both parties were represented.
I guess we are lucky we are not in an authoritarian regime or dictatorship.
Yes, Venezuela is a good example of why that would be terrible! I love that the president of Indonesia has turned out 3 pop alums, while in office! I wonder what the people think of that?
The first President of Zimbabwe was called banana!
I hope that is a name of affection? I wonder if they call him that to his face or is that more of a nickname, like Potus?
Have you ever been to the White House?
No I haven't. Have you? I heard that the President's guest house is bigger than the White House!
There are twins in ireland and france
Really? I wonder in what city? Since John Adams was the first President to live there, I wonder where those that were President before 1800 lived?
Great question.  Roosevelt banned Christmas Trees from the White House.
Yes, he was really into environmental issues and didn't approved of cutting down trees. I think most of our National Parks got their start during his time in office.
Bush also, he had solar panels installed.
Yep, he added a modern touch with those. Speaking of modern or not being modern, it's hard to believe that the white house sill uses floppy disks to store part of it's data! I dint' even know those could still be read.
I wonder if they have any pictures of aliens on them, lol.  Did you know bullets hit the white house?
I didn't know about that! That is scary. It's interesting how the term 'white house' has come to be used not only for the building but also for the president and all his advisers.
It took the secret service 4 days to realize the bullets though
That's so strange and they never found who did it? I bet JFK, Washington and Jefferson, the 3 most wealthy presidents, would be shocked at how much money is spent on political races, these days.
You have great questions!  Nice talking to you.
You too, I learned a lot today about government. 
Have a good one!
You too.
see ya
hi how are you? do you like football?
Sure do.    I even play fantasy football.
i dont know that. how does it work? do you make money?
It is certainly possible to make money.     Mostly it is a way to create interest in players on teams you do not root for such as Lamar Jackson.
oh,ok. are you good at this? i guess you must know the players very well then.
I know a lot about some players like Baker Mayfield on the Browns, but am not an expert.
baker mayfield? is he good? does he play video games?
Baker Mayfield is good.    I do not know of his video game habits.     Do you follow the real NFL?
i dont usually. i follow around the playoffs. i try to watch the super bowl.
The Super Bowl is usually held the first Sunday in February.
Yes, i was unable to watch it this year. busy. but i heard the game was not that exciting this year.
There is always some interest in the champions of the NFC and AFC playing each other.
i guess so. i usually root for the underdog. i like the upset. do you bet on the game?
I am not allowed to gamble because I work for a company that makes tracking chips in shoulder pads!
thats great! LOL. the tracking chips. can they track players off the field to make sure they dont go to the same restaurants as cheerleaders?
I would guess so, although players don't wear shoulder pads to restaurants.     Maybe ask Matt Patricia, who is both a coach and a rocket scientist.
the chips are only in the shoulder pads? Ok, so that won't work. Matt might have a way to keep track of those guys and their eating habits.
True.      A big change from the first nfl playoff game in 1932!
I think that the NFL has come a long way. The players make more, the teams are bigger, everything is bigger. A lot of injuries, though. Anyway, great chat!
Thanks!   I think I will go read up on the 32 teams in the NFL.
Enjoy! I'll talk to you later, I'm sure.
No problem.     RPI is a cool university!
Hi, how are you doing today? 
I am good, thanks. I'm wondering if you are a football fan like me? I know a lot of people are sad the season is over, especially since fantasy football is such a hit.
I like football, but I don't get much chance to watch. usually I try to catch the SB.
What is the SB? I know if fantasy football it's all about the picks and people plan for weeks.
Super Bowl. Sorry, should have made that clear. I've never played fantasy sports. What's the goal? How do you win? What do you win?
Oh, duh, sorry. The goal is to draft the best team by picking members from all teams to make the best.  Did you know bowlers in the 1960's made more than NFL players?
I believe it. Bowlers had their golden age. Many leagues and lots of local interest. Then the modern gladiators showed up and stole the show.
Yes! I used to bowl myself on a league. I am  more of a football fan. I know former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never had a fumble in his career!
How did he do that? special gloves? Giant hands? Did he get a bonus? I hope so!
I think just raw talent. It's hard to say if he got a bonus since the NFL has a total of 32 teams. It's hard to keep up.
I can't keep up. That's why I follow during the playoffs. I think that it would be interesting to see if a woman could play.
Actually, the NFL has no rules against women playing as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements!
I figure that a woman could be akicker or something. They should be referees and such.
I would say. I would not want to see a man v woman contact.    
Yes, I think it would make the viewers squeamish. Maybe women on women though. That could be fun.
I am not sure I could watch! Although the average game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
That seems short, but I guess they stand around waiting a lot. Great work, if you can get it.
Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.
Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.
Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.
Sexism, plain and simple. Anyway, great chatting!
Great chatting with you too!
Thanks!
Take care!
Are you a football fan? 
A little bit, yourself?
Yes i find it curious that the Iowa States visiting locker room is painted pink.
i wonder if it's to intimidate the other team?
Maybe but that would just make me mad and focused! 
The opposite of what they want! Did you see where there was once a football game score of 222-0?
No i never saw that game. That is ridiculous they should have a mercy rule or something. Who was that? 
Georgia tech V cumberland!
Wow i did not hear about this game. Was it recent?
no, I think it was back in the day! Espn won an emmy for that superimposed line they use though.
Yeah to help viewers see where the first down line is. I love that line, haha! You know there is a RB that never fumbled the ball his entire career? 
no! Who was that?
He's a former patriot Benjarvus Green-Ellis.
Wow! did you hear the NFL finally drafted a woman since there is no rule against it?
No i didn't hear the actually drafted one. Do you know who she is? 
I don't. but I bet if you google you will find her! I wonder if they will use those chips in her uniform to see how she does?
Well the whole purpose is no discrimination so i don't see why not. They should just create a women league like the wnba.
I wonder if it would get watched? did you know a game generally only has 11 minutes of live play?
That's crazy and hard to believe. So there are 32 teams, do you have a favorite? 
not really, I like the New orleans Saints. How bout you?
The team yes the rule about the cheerleaders no. Have you heard of that rule? I'm assuming it has something to do with employee fraternization? 
What Rule? Great chatting with you!
are you a football fan
I am.  I used to watch NFL Sunday all the time.  I don't anymore though.  How about you?
I watch every Sunday.  it is my favorite time.  Did you know that quarterback's average passing was 93.6 now
That's really impressive.  I find it more interesting that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  It's still fun to watch
I know.  I think because the league prefers offense over defense nowaday
I believe that. The fans want action all of the time.  Watching defensive play after defensive play can get annoying.  Also, you want point grabbers on your fantasy team too.  Defense doesn't always help you win.
Did you know that the university football locker room was painted in all pink
That's a great way to mess with the visiting team!  Do you play fantasy football?
hahaha.  Yeah, I play occasionally.  You?
I used to.  I actually used to love playing fantasy Hockey.  I was much better at that.   I never knew that ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line!  I didn't think you could win an emmy for that. 
I did not that people fantasy draft the national spelling bee
I can see that.  I didn't know it actually existed though.  It's like in Vegas - you can bet on anything
Also, do you know that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving fantasy and reality
That is really interesting.  Almost as interesting as the fact that the Saints' cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player
I think they do not want any distraction.  Hahah
Probably.  I guess it's written into their contract.
football players are having too much troubles already
That's true.  But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.
I believe so because money talks
It absolutely does.
by the way, nice chatting with you.  Happy holiday
Same to you!  Happy Holidays!
bye
HELLO, HOW ARE YOU?
Hi, do you play fantasy football?
NO, I DO NOT. HOW ABOUT YOU?
No, are you a 49'ers fan?  Garoppolo the quarterback has had his struggles and fantasy football players are making their choices.
I AM NOT A HUGE FAN OF FOOTBALL. JUST WATCH IT WHEN I CAN. The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0. THIS TRULY INSANE!
I don't play fantasy football, but I might try out fantasy drafting the national spelling bee.  Apparently, people do that.
COOL. I DIDNT REALLY KNOW THAT
How would you like to be part of Fantasy Congress?  Players can draft members of congress and bet on legislature success.
THAT IS NOT BAD AT ALL. I WOULD DEFINETLY WANT TO BE PART OF THAT
Did you hear that the lifetime average earnings of an engineer is higher than that of an average mlb or nfl player?  Sounds like a good occupation.
BUT ALSO REQUIRES A LOT OF EDUCATION. I AM PRETTY SURE IT IS NOT THAT EASY
No, I studied it for a few years and changed majors.  It is very difficult and you have to like that type of material to study it.
OF COURSE. THAT'S WHAT I MEANT
If you visit the University of Iowa, you can see a pink locker room!
YEP. I READ THAT TOO. VERY INTERESTING AND DIFFERENT AT THE SAME TIME
Did you hear that bowlers in the 60's were very well paid?  They made twice as much as top football stars at the time
YEP..A janitor from chicago wrote over six years a 15,145-page fantasy manuscript with over 300 watercolor illustrations called "in the realms of the unreal", which was only discovered after his death.. FASCINATING, ISN'T IT?
Wow.  Fantasy sure is prominent everywhere.
New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. iSN'T THIS A LITTLE TOO MUCH?
That sounds sexist.  Do you think a woman will make it to the NFL.  There is no rule against it?
EVEN THOUGH THERE ISN'T A RULE AGAINST IT, i DON'T THINK SO
Nice talking to you.  Who you rooting for in the Superbowl?  
Good morning!  Do you follow the NFL?
I do, I even play a fantasy football game, what about you?
I love playing fantasy football.  Have played for bout 17 or 18 years now.  Did you know that they even have a fantasy league for congress?
I dont really know that but I do know a bit about players QB Macus Mariona is a bad choice, one of the worst QBs in the season 
I agree.  I kind of thought he was a little overrated when he was drafted.
Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year
Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.
Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?
He is a running back for the New York Giants.
Oh I see, he must be a great choice then so fantasy football, people seem to love fantasy leagues not only sports but just about anything
Yes they do.  They even have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee.  I have no idea how that works though.
No idea either it does sound kind of boring theres even a fantasy congress league
I've heard about that league.  That's where players draft members of congress and points are based off legislative success.  Sounds like a snoozefest to me.
Sounds  also really boring, who knows it might be interesting, so do you also like fantasy novels?
Can't say that I do.  lol  Do you like them?
I do like them, interesting fact but a janitor wrote over 15,145 pages of fantasy but never published his work
That's a lot of writing.  I wonder why after putting all that work into it he never published it.  Maybe it was back in the days before the internet where you had to have a book deal to get published.
Maybe he didnt think his book had potential or was waiting to finish it, he died and then the piece of literature got discovered so its hard to tell now
I agree with you.  Did you know that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy?
Thats interesting I didnt know that, our brain is sure full with mysteries
I agree!  It's been fun chatting with you!  
Yeah, its also been great chatting with you, thanks for the chat. 
Do you watch football much?
I do from time to time. 
me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!
That's cool.  Do you watch the NFL at all?
I love watching the NFL, out of the 32 teams, my favorite is the vikings, do you have a favorite?
I like the Cardinals and 49ers.
nice I was a 49ers fan back in the day. I loved Jerry Rice and Steve Young. Games were more exciting back then. Now gametime is only like 11 minutes of actual playing
I know! Do you follow the odds for each team winning at all"
I do not, what are they?
It is part of how the betting on each team is handled.  There is an over/under on each team winning.
Gotcha, I think your teams have low odds of winning it all currently, that may change with better picks. Did you know who benjarvus green ellis was?
I think he was a running back.  You are correct about my teams winning it all.  The Vikings do not appear to be doing to well either.
nope lol. Maybe Benjarvus needs to come back and teach our teams how to not fumble the ball!
LOL!  It seems when the Vikings play the Packers one should pick the Packers.  What do you think?
Well not now, packers are almost worst than both our teams lol! I think the vikings and 49ers could beat them 222-0 like georgia tech beat a team in 1916
I doubt it. I would say the Packers are favored over the Vikings.  I would not bet against Rogers.
That is true, he is pretty prime time. He is my quarterback for my fantasy football team, I can't bet against him
LOL!  Did you know that one of the most expensive high school football stadiums was built in Allen,TX?  
I read that in an article, how much was it? that is a waste of money in my opinion!
It was $60 million.  I know that is a ton of money!  Did you also know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's football team?

Wow that is so much money! I did not know about Snoop, I want to hear it. I will go check it out now. Have an amazing day friend!
Are you a big NFL fan?
I am. I like watching football even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of live game play.
I have heard that before, it's crazy to think of that.  I guess most of the time is spent moving the chains, and player, and coaches. 
Yeah. I think the technology for marking the first down line is pretty amazing. ESPN won an emmy for creating the yellow line we see on TV.
Really? I didn't know that, very interesting.  I guess that does help a lot with the viewers. 
Yeah. Technology is huge in football. The NFL now uses tracking chips in sholder pads to record player movement on the field. They also track ball movement.
Yeah I can see them doing that.  I know they are tracking a lot more when it comes to hitting too, the helmets I think have trackers. 
I would have liked to be the engineer who designed the tracking chips. Did you know that the average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player?
Wow, I would never have guessed that about them. 
Yeah. In the 60's the top bowlers made twice as much asthe top football stars! Crazy!
No way that's crazy.  I guess the dream job would be pro bowler in the 60's lol!
That would be crazy. Imagine if we had fantasy leagues for pro bowling. We do have fantasy drafts for the national spelling bee!
That would be too funny, and really, that is pretty unbelievable.  I guess there is a fantasy comic who has been knighted. 
That would be awesome to be knighted. There was once a janitor from Chicago who wrote a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript over six years. That guy deserves to be knighted.
Wow yeah that is the guy that should have been.  Are you into the Lord of the Rings fantasy novels?
Not really. I have them on my list to read and watch. I did enjoy the Harry Potter fantasies.
I have not read those but have read half of the Tolkien fantasy novels. 
That's cool. It's crazy to think that a single fold in the brain makes the difference in our perceptions of reality and fantasy. Tolken must have had a very tight fold!
That is a crazy idea, and yeah he must have!
If you could write a fantasy novel, would it be based on oral traditions or would it likely be based on more modern media?
I think traditions, modern media is pretty gross if you ask me.  I like old time stuff better myself. 
I agree. Have a great night!
Do you watch the NFL? 
I do watch the NFL. I watch the Super Bowl. What about you?
I watched it, I thought it was boring this year. Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the 1st down market you see on tv? 
Wow that's crazy. I don't know if that's worth it any but it is certainly useful. I do like the Patriots and I guess that they have a running back was never fumbled the ball. They should give him the ball every time. Or at least I would haha
Yeah, me too. Hilarious, but you know there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay during a full game. 
Well like you said the Super Bowl was really boring this year so that kind of does not surprise me haha another boring game would be the highest scoring football game ever. It was 222 to 0 haha
Crazy! Did you know the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads? 
That actually scared me. I'm sure they get a lot of great stats that they can use like the rotation of the ball. But I just hope that they keep it in the game and they don't put it on actual citizens like you or me
Yeah, I wonder if it is the NFL collecting it or the teams themselves to optimize plays. 
But it's both honestly. What are your thoughts on the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders being forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as an NFL player?
I think a lot of teams actually have that. The Redskins have one too where players can't fraternize with the cheerleaders. 
Oh I didn't know that. It seems very outdated but I guess they might have a reason for it. Do you know any Engineers that you're friends with?
yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player! 
Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?
I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field. 
That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.
Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying. 
Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all
I used to play fantasy football, but I no longer have the time for it to be honest. What about you? 
I never played fantasy football but I did hear that they have fantasy National Spelling Bee and also fantasy Congress that seems so stupid haha
Weird, I wonder how they rate the players ahead of time? Well nice chatting with you! 
Do you like football?
I do watch some once in a while, you?
I have a passing knowledge. How familiar are you with the sport?
I know some of the basics, but I also know that there is really only 11 minutes of active game play.  Crazy seeing how long the games are.
I agree. It is also interesting how they have no rule against female players? However, I wonder if the eligibility requirements inherently disqualify them?
They might, or just make it so they wont want to play.  I mean I think anyone who is good enough should be eligible to play.  But I can imagine many women who would want to go up against 300 pound linemen
It is a dangerous sport and I don't think football is as developed a sport for women comparatively to most other sports
I would agree.  They even have chips in shoulderpads to record moves of players and with that they can see how hard they get hit.
I heard they also put chips in the footballs themselves to gather data on velocity, rotation, speed, and location
Yeah, with that do you think it could also help determine reviews?  Like use that data to say where the ball was or wasnt at any given point.
That I am not sure since I am not sure how much of that data is effective real time
The yellow line sure helped things develop in terms of home viewership, so much so that ESPN won an Emmy for it
True. It probably made things much more digestible for the general audience and promoted its popularity
Did you know that the highest scoring and biggest spread was in a game in 1916?
I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?
222-0.  I dont even see how that is possible.  That one team must have been really bad.
Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad
Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.
Did you every play fantasy football?
I never have, but my brother gets seriously into it.
Ah well I would recommend it. In any case, thanks for chatting.
I never knew the NFL was the highest professional level of football in the world.  Did you?
I did.  The 17 week regular season is my favorite sports season.
Do you watch the playoffs?
I do.  There are four division winners for each conference that advance to the playoffs.  the Ravens are my favorite team.
Interesting.  I understand that computer chips are used to track movements of players and the ball.  That is really high tech.
I know.  Not like it used to be.  I knew they were in the ball, but didn't know they were in the shoulder pads of the players.
So are women allowed to play?
Yes, but none have met the league's eligibility requirements as of yet.
I wonder what the requirements are.  I have watched a super bowl every now and then and those are good.
I do as well.  What else is there to do on the first Sunday in February?  They are, but I like the playoffs more.  More of an emphasis on the game and not so much on the show.  
I never thought about it but that's true.  It does seem to play up the commercials and half time performances.
Very much so.  There is a game between the champions of the NFC and AFC, but alot of times the playoff games are the better ones.
When do the playoffs start?
This weekend.  My favorite team, the Raven's, plan on Sunday.
Who do they play?  I know there are two conferences. Which one are they in?
They play in the AFC and play the Chargers this weekend.  The cheerleaders have been around town hyping the game, but they usually cannot hand out with the players.
Are there rules against that?
Yes.  The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.
I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.
I'm sure.  Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.  
That's pretty strict.  
I remember JJ Watt called Andy Dalton the Little Red BB gun with his arm, he the worst quarterback in the AFC North
Don't know much about football, you say he was the worst quarterback. who was the best?
I would have to say it was the Baltimore Raven's rookie QB Lamar Jackson seeing as how he was the only one in the division to get his team to the playoffs. But I can admit, I'm biased
That's cool i remember seeing the Cleveland brows play once how's there QB?
Baker Mayfield? He's good.. I believe Cleveland would have actually made the playoffs if he had started the whole season but I believe they named him the starter after like 6 weeks
I heard that the Iowa Universities looker room is painted pink for the visiting team.
Really? That's pretty interesting but if I was the opposite team that would just make me more angry on the field lol the defense and pass rushers are probably on the field trying to knock their heads off
Right i feel the same way!! Did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as nfl players? 
Wow, when you think about how much the top earners in the NFL make today that's almost mind blowing.  That almost as crazy as people fantasy drafting the national spelling Bee.
Yeah know that is crazy. What about fantasy congress.
Where players draft members of congress and base the points off legislative success? that sounds so boring in comparison to fantasy sports and I really don't even know how you would gauge "legislative success"
Well if we believe that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy then who know, lol!
Haha crazy but true..Do you think we'll ever see a female player in the NFL? To my surprise, they are allowed to play as long as they meet the eligibility requirements.
Yeah i heard that and am surprised we haven't yet. Personally i think they should just have their own league like the WNBA.
That would actually be pretty cool and I may enjoy watching that better than the NFL lol They should be allowed to be more than just cheerleaders, especially for the New Orleans Saints. The Saints cheerleaders can't even eat in the same establishment as an NFL player and they even would have to get up and leave if one entered after them...Sounds like throwback jim crow laws
Don't start, lol! However that id very sexist. On a lighter note did you hear about a janitor that wrote everyday over six years. 15,145 pages? 
Yeah that's very impressive, I wish he would have been alive to see his work discovered. I wonder what ever became of the works? Hopefully it was created and his family received the proceeds. 
That would be the right thing to do. Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy award?
Yeah i figured that as the world wide leader in sports, but I had no idea it was for creating the  first down marker superimposed on our televisions in yellow. That yellow line definitely makes the came more enjoyable and easy to follow at times. so well deserved lol
I agree my friend. So the NFL merged with the AFL after being formed in 1920 as the American Football League. 
yes one of the greatest and most profitable mergers of all time...I bet they never imagined the game would expand to have 32 teams
Yeah humble beginnings. You know there is a RB who has never fumbled the ball in his career? 
Yes, I remember watching Green-Ellis play. he wasn't too shabby. Well I enjoyed talking to you, I learned a few things. 
Do you watch football much?
I sure do! With 32 teams in the NFL it is on all the time at my place!
For sure, do you have a favorite of the 32?
I really just like them all! Can you believe the NFL's rule about females?
what is their rule, I don't think they have rules towards females do they?
You are right! They have no rule against females playing as long as they can meet the league's eligibility requirements.
Nice, I wonder why we have never seen that before. I heard the saints have a rule regarding their female cheerleaders, kind of sexist, have you heard of it?
Yes, if you are talking about the rule where cheerleaders are forbidden to eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player.
yea that one, that is so weird. I don't understand it, what are your thoughts?
I wonder why it was made, so what if a cheerleader and a player are married? Then what?
Boom, mind blown! lol I wonder if it was an old rule back in the day, at least I hope so
I know! But who knows. So, can you believe that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is  more than an NFL player?
That is crazy, but believable, nfl careers tend to be short. The engineers make chips to track data and deserve more money
Yes, you are right. They NFL even uses data chips!
wow, I wonder what they track, do you know?
They use tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and in the footballs.
Do they track like velocity, rotation, and their every move?
Yes, that is exactly it. That must really help make for some detailed game plans!
I agree. Have you ever heard of Benjarvus Green Ellis?
The name rings a bell. Was he a Patriot?
Yep and a Bengal I think. He never fumbled once in his career!
Wow! That's quite an accomplishment. What position did he play?
He was a running back. He had a lot of carries too so that was amazing, it was so nice chatting with you!
Do you keep up with the NFL at all?
Yea, I follow it like everyday. It's interesting how Todd Gurley signed a $45 million extension with the Rams and then ended up injured
Especially since Gurley is a RB. That's the largest guarantee for that position
Yea, I wonder how much that influenced Le'von Bell not to sign with the Steelers
I guess the lifespan for running backs isn't very long, and some think Bell may only have one or two more seasons left. The deal he was offered is a five year deal
I heard Bell wanted $17 million a season, I wouldn't want to do that for five years
Most start to decline in skill once they reach 27. Quarterbacks have a longer lifespan in the NFL
Yea, Alex Smith said he had a lot of years left but that was before his injury
It's amazing how many injuries occur in a game that really only has about 11 minutes of gameplay
Yea, I bet the injuries is a major reason why engineers make more on average than nfl players in their lifetime
It might also be why we don't see women playing in the NFL despite there not being a rule preventing it
Yea but I can see a woman playing at place kicker one day
I've heard that might be happening. She probably wouldn't mind the pink visitor's lockers at the University of Iowa
Well there are female bowlers, I wonder if they made more than the top football stars in the 1960s
If they did, television probably ruined that for them, especially when the game became easier to understand with the yellow first down line created by ESPN. They deserved the Emmy for that one
Yea I'm surprised no one thought of the yellow first down line sooner than espn
True. I wonder who came up with the idea to embed chips in the footballs and shoulder pads for record data. It probably paved the way for fantasy football
yea but fantasy events have gotten out of hand, there is even a fantasy draft for the spelling bee
Not just the spelling bee, but for Congress as well. That seems like a lot
Yea I'm not a big fan of Fantasy congress
Me neither. I don't pay enough attention for that
Do you watch football? 
Yes i love football.  Do you?
Yeah, I like to watch it on Sundays. 
I like Saturdays too because I like college football.  Did you know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are for college football teams?
Yeah, the thing is, I never have time on Saturdays to watch. 
Oh, I hear you.  Do you ever watch or go to high school games?
Nah, high school football is no good around here. What about you? 
I don't know honestly.  We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.  
I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school. 
I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.
Wholly molly! That is a ton of money, hopefully they have a lot of fans. 
I hope so too and I hope they have a lot of rich residents to pay for that stadium.
Yeah, me too. Did you know the highest scoring game ever was 222-0? 
No!  What teams did that?
Georgia Tech versus Cumberland. 
That sounds like two college teams.  That couldn't have been any time recently right?
No way, that was way back in 1916. I don't think they wore helmets then either. LOL
1916.  I guess they didn't have much on defenses either.  
Yeah, I wonder if Cumberland was even on the field. LOL, Well, nice chatting with you!
It doesn't sound like they were.  Georgia Tech was either super good or had no competition.  It's been nice chatting with you too!
Yeah. Hilarious, what a debacle. Well, have a nice day!
Hello, do you like football?
Hi there, yes I do like it actually some of them as they can mean a different thing in various countries
Yeah that is true, do you like american football?
I actually do . U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink
Hmm I wonder if that is supposed to have any effect on the opposing team or what
Yeah I wonder about that too. DId you know football players made more money than football ones in the 60s?
Wow that is interesting. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
I think it is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yeah what a game that must have been.. I bet Georgia Tech still brags about it
I bet so too. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line
Yeah and I am grateful for that because it makes game watching much easier at home
Agreed there, for sure. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Yeah that is the rb who never fumbled the ball in his career
Yeah that is him. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yeah since there is no rule against them,, as long as they qualify
Yes that is true. An average game lasts only 11 minutes too.
Yeah that is pretty short and yet we are glued to the tv for hours
Tell me about it. Engineers make more over their lifetime than football players.
I guess that makes sense since they have longer careers over the lifetime
THat is actually a really good point. Nice chat. 
Hello there, are you a fan of the NFL?
Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching all forms of sports though I'm not too familiar with fantasy football, are you?
I am, but I just started playing recently, I think fantasy baseball is the most fun surprisingly. 
Why is it surprisingly fun? Do the same number of players play on the field as does the real game?
I am not as much into baseball as I am the other sports, but it makes the game a lot more fun to follow.  You have the same number of offensive players I think, and then like 6 spots for pitching. 
Oh sorry, I think I meant fantasy football but thanks for clarifying, I'm not familiar with baseball at all as I am with football. If rb Benjarvus Green-Ellis had broken his non-fumble record during the superbowl, I think the game would've been more entertaining to watch.
Yeah the super bowl this year was pretty much a dud from the fans' perspective.  Last years was much better. 
I couldn't agree more, though I think people who participated in sports betting would've enjoyed this year's game a lot more than last year. 
That you are probably right about.  Speaking of football, do you know what the highest scoring game pro or college ever was?
I don't know what the highest score was, but if I had to take a guess, would it be in the seventies?
I guess it was 222-0!  In a college game Georgia Tech beat Cumberland. 
That must've been a long time ago because I don't remember seeing anything on the news or social media discussing that. I'd imagine feeds would be flooded with jokes at the team! I would also be surprised if female players played in the NFL because there's no rules against it.
Yeah i'm sure it was a long time ago.  I think that would be very cool if a female player would make a team. 
Yeah, I would love to see that though I'd imagine they would have to be extremely buff to survive a tackle from those professional linebackers!
Yeah and be very fast, but it could happen, I know there are girls out there trying to make it.
Yeah, that'll be a big step above how the Saints treat their cheerleaders because they are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as the players.
I read that, I think that rule is pretty outdated and rather silly to be honest. 
Yeah I agree, do you have any clue or theories as to why they initiated that rule in the first place?
Who knows, they probably don't want them dating the cheerleader from the team, but that's just a random thought. 
Yeah, that's a good theory. I can't think of any but I wonder what color the University of Iowa's cheerleader's locker room is painted since they painted the visitor's locker rooms completely pink.
Yeah isn't that pretty funny? I wonder who was in charge that gave the final ok for them to paint it that way. 
Has to be the head coach whenever the opposing team's coach made him angry so to get back at them, that's what they did to get in their heads.
Are you a fan of football? 
I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?
I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?
Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?
Yeah, that was the game. Crazy, right? 
Yeah it is. I wonder if Cumberland even put up a fight?
Guess you had to be there to know!
I wonder if they painted their visitor locker room pink like University of Iowa? That'd make me want to beat somebody that bad. haha
Would you consider that cheating? 
It's not cheating if it works against you. 
That's true! Did you know bowlers in the 60s made more than NFL stars. 
That's crazy to think. I'm sure it's the other way around big time now. But they do say that engineers lifetime earnings is higher than the lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
I can believe that. I think some players don't play that long or make that much. 
They say the average career is 3.3 years for an NFL player. That's kind of interesting seeing as so many players have long careers.
Well, gameplay is only 11 minutes as well. 
It's crazy that it takes almost 3 hours for 11 minutes of gameplay.
Exactly, usually more than 3 hours to be honest. LOL
That is true. Maybe they should get some female players out there. They could speed things up. There's no rule against them player anyways.
Yeah, there were female players in high school. Anyways, nice chatting with you!
I remember playing with some as well.
Yeah, there were a few in my high school league. Have a good evening. 
I hope you have a good evening too. 
Hi, how are you? Do you follow football?
I do, it's my favorite sport. Do you?
I sometimes follow it. Around playoffs. Did you hear that the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is  painted pink?
I did, I wonder if they think that will throw off their opponent?
I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.
Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.
The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?
I don't think anything would have helped Cumberland that day. Probably only a freak hurricane.
In the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. I wonder how much they actually made though.
I know that some of the players for my favorite team in the 60's had offseason jobs.
I've heard that too. Now they need to learn to manage money. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. That seems short to me.
They have to fit in all those ads! Sometimes I like to watch hockey or basketball live more because of that.
That's true. The ads take up a lot of time in NFL TV games.
Especially during the Super Bowl. They charge millions of dollars for those ads!
Quite true. The fans in the stands have to wait for the game to start up again.
Sometimes there are videos, songs, or presentations in the stadium during those stoppages. If not, it would be super boring.
I imagine it would be. It might be interesting to see women in the game.  The NFL has no written rule against female players
I would be worried that they would get seriously hurt, there are over 300 pound men playing some of those positions. Those hits have to do some major damage.
True. 11 minutes of combat.
I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.
True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!
So did I, have a great day!
Hello, do you like fantasy?
Hello. I really do. It is some of my favorite genre of books. Do you like it?
I do as well. I also like fantasy sports. Do you play any fantasy sports?
No I never really got into fantasy sports. To be honest I'm not really sure how they work. Do people pick someone off stats or based on the teams?
Yep pretty much. I love playing fantasy football. Did you know there is a fantasy national spelling bee?
Now that is a fantasy team I could see myself making. Or the one where they do the fantasy congress. I don't think I'm knowledgable enough to do the sports ones. I just watch for fun sometimes. 
Haha that would be a fun one to play with Congress. Did you know a single fold in the brain is what makes the difference between reality and fantasy?
The human body really is a remarkable thing. Just think that one fold allowed a humble janitor to write an amazing fantasy masterpiece. I would love to read that. 
I would love reading that too. It was 15,145 pages long. That would take me a long time to read lol.
True. I think a few hundred pages are illustrations though so that helps. They should publish it in several books and see what the public things. It sounds fascinating. 
That does sound really cool to check out. Do you like football?
I don't mind it. I live in football country so it is hard to avoid. I don't have a particular team to root for but it is fun to watch sometimes. Do you watch a lot?
I love football. Iowa painted their opposing team locker room pink.
That sounds like a very Iowa thing. There is a huge rivalry between the college teams in Iowa. I could see them doing it to try and intimidate the other team in some way. 
The average NFL game is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
It really seems like it should be longer than that but I suppose there is the huddles and waiting for the snap. Did you know that ESPN actually got an award for the creation of the yellow line on the field image?
I did see that about ESPN. I love that yellow line. I don't know what I would do without it.
Yeah it really makes it easier for the viewers to follow along at home. That was a well deserved award. 
Definitely. The NFL has no written rule against women playing in the league.
It might not be a written rule but the requirements are so out there that no woman is ever going to be anything more than a cheerleader on a pro team. And usually not a well treated one at that especially in New Orleans. 
For sure. I could see them being a kicker one day. Well, it was good chatting. Take care. 
hey did you know the nfl has no rule against female players?
Smart move, no law suits that would be obvious and easy to pursue. 
ya that iss true, do you think we'll ever see one? I think its lpossible in our lifetime
I just say something about girl who is trying to turn pro. Its seems a stretch, maybe as a kicker or punter. 
ya I could see that, do you watch the nfl? A game actually only has about 11 mins of actual gameplay apparently
I just watch a few games here and there. Not so excited to see a bunch of millionaires play a game. How about you?
ya I don't watch any sports but I watched the superbowl, did you hear abou the weird rule the NFL has for Saints cheerleads?
That is such a wierd rule. I wonder what the reason is? No hanky panky?
lol, must be yes to prevent that sort of thing, I
Not sure an engineer makes more than an NFL player.
ya I think that was calculated over their lifetime, an nfl player makes a lot but only plays until age 40 or so
Its funny that they have chips in the players sholder pads. 
ya that is crazy, I'm just hopeful they never make citizens wear those, thats too much information to share!
Do you do any fantasy football?
I don't actually, but I did see that people will do fantasy everything, even spelling bees!
They were actually betting on how many times they would say gronk in the super bowl. Maybe not a fanatasy league but a wierd sports related fact. 
haha that is weird, do you do any fantasy stuff? I guess people also do fantasy politics
I don't just don't have the passion for it, you?
no I don't, and I just don't care about sports personally haha, have you read anything about Terry Pratchett?
I have not read about Terry Prachett, whats up with him?
well apparently he was knighted, he writes fantasy comedy novels, and so if he was knighted then I would assume his work must be good!
I am not sure about that some people who have been knighted are real losers in my book. 
haha like who? one guy who is not a loser is the Benjarvus Green-Ellis, he has never fumbled a football!
Are you a football fan? Do you follow NFL or do fantasy football?
No not really. How bout yourself? Are you a redskins fan?
Don't really follow football until the playoffs. Not really a redskins fan. Surprised they still have changed their name.
I think they are talking about it, but haven't made a decision yet. Apparently the Cleveland Browns are pretty bad too.
The Browns are known for a terrible defense. I wonder if they paint their locker room walls brown for inspiration. If so, it ain't working.
:)  Trent Williams is leading the offensive line for the Redskins this season. 
How has he done? Should I have put money on the 'Skins?
Not really well apparently, his running average is terrible! Could you imagine a women's football team? WOuld you watch that?
I think they've had league with women, but they are running around in skimpy uniforms. I would rather have women in the NFL.
Me too. That was like the lingerie league or something, right? I wonder if women could take the impact of a tackle like men can?
I suppose it depends on the woman, but I expect that women would be kickers, punters, etc. Not much contact.
I'm sure they would use the tracking chips on the women like they do the men to find out. But I imagine the women would need to play like the men too.
That would be interesting to compare men and women and their movement on the field. It would be funny to see male cheerleaders too.
It would! Then maybe they would have to leave the restaurant when the women came in!
I still don't know what that accomplishes for the NO Saints. Is it supposed to prevent romance?
That and probably problems between the two. If they got rowdy together, it might be a problem. Have you ever watched the national spelling bee?
No, haven't watched it.
Apparently people fantasy draft it too!
I guess if there's a way to gamble, people will find it. I wonder how much you can win.
I have no idea. There is a fantasy congress too! What?!
Great chat!
Hey you do any fantasy football? What do you think about Berkley
I do not normally play but he is making a comeback in the FF circles
Well Barclay was the second pick in the 2018 draft, so I know he's really good, do you think he's going to put up a lot of yards this year?
He did well at Penn State as a junior so hopefully he will be able to keep that up in the NFL
Yeah I hope so he seems very promising, also his workload should be minimal which I think will give him a lot of possibilities
I like the NFL a lot - it is curious that in the 60's bowlers made more money than NFL players!
Shocking! I never would have thought that, what do you think about the highest scoring football game of all time?
222-0!  I would have left after the first quarter!
Me too! Especially if I were rooting for Cumberland that is quite a loss LOL
Yes and back in 1916 there was not even our magical yellow line
Nope that might have actually helped them out haha. Maybe they would not have lost so badly, it was definitely worth giving ESPN an Emmy for creating that
I love how my school Iowa paints the visiting team's locker room pink just to screw with the other team
Haha that is funny. Did you go to that school? I love the Patriots, and I personally love that one of their players has never fumbled the ball, that's so good
Yes he is amazingly good.  The NFL only has 11 minutes of live gameplay so that is not that much time per game
Not a lot of time at all! What is shocking to me though is that females can actually play for the NFL, there is no rule against it
Yes as a kid I always wanted to play in the NFL or the MLB but being a tiny girl never quite made the team!   Luckily my career as an engineer will pay me more over the long run
Well that's good because you'll make more over your lifetime! What do you think about how the Saints treat cheerleaders though? My friend was a cheerleader in college and he would not have appreciated having to leave a restaurant if a player entered
Oh for sure.  That is very rude!  They would never allow a female player.  I do like what the NFL is doing with tracking chips however.
Yes it is interesting. They can track the speed rotation and location of the balls and also of the players, very technologically advanced
Yes did you watch the Super Bowl on the first sunday in February?  It was rather boring this year
Yes I agree it was really boring. They should have added some fantasy into it, do you ever do fantasy football by the way? Or fantasy Spelling Bee for that matter haha
Are you a fan of the NFL?
Yeah, pretty much! One thing I don't understand is why they have to trade team members. It just kind of ruins it for me, or at least makes it hard to stay loyal to any one team. You?
For sure, you can't get into a groove if you don't have the chemistry. You bring up a good point. Which one of the 32 teams is your favorite?
Yeah, I root for the seattle seahawks, because it's my home team. The new colors are kind of horrible though. Which team is your favorite?
Nice go seahawks! They could be worst, my team is the vikings, purple and gold!
Heh,, wooo extravagant colors! The former Patriots running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis has NEVER fumbled the football in his entire career! 
That is an amazing feat! He needs to coach the new RBs how to play, they always fumble!
I wonder what the difference is now. I heard that in the 60's top bowlers made twice as much money as the top football stars! Crazy!
That is so different these days, I wonder what the difference in pay is now. Probably so much. Do you like college football?
I've never really been into college football. I guess if I had to choose a team it would be "the UNLV Rebels". What about you?
I never knew they had a team. I am an Iowa Hawkeye fan, they paint their visiting locker rooms pink 
Haha! Well that's not very nice of them! Kind of funny though!
for sure, I think it deals with psychology and psyching the other team out into a calming mood, pretty crazy stuff right there
yeah that's really interesting! I should paint my house pink to attempt to calm myself. Haha. Did you know that people fantasy draft the national spelling bee? 
Lol I need to also. I did not know that about the spelling bee, I wonder how that works. Do you play fantasy anything?
No, I never have! Have you? Fantasy congress is a thing! where players draft members of congress and points are based off of legislative success! I can't imagine all of the fantasy drafts people will think up!
ha that is kind of a cool concept, but I think they need to focus on other things lol. I can understand them doing fantasy football, but come on! 
I know what's next? Fantasy science and space exploration! Interesting fact, a single fold in the brain makes a difference between perceiving reality and fantasy! Scary to think about TBI in that sense. One hit to the head and a person could be stuck in a fantasy world!
That would be intense to be in TBI from a hit to the head, I would want to get out. I enjoyed chatting with you!
Yes it was great chatting with you as well! Have a nice night!
you too, bye!
Do you play fantasy football ?
No I do not do you?
Nor do I, I don't have much time to crunch all the data needed. Do you enjoy watching the NFL ?
I am actually not a huge fan of football, but I have learned in section 1 of the article to never take a kicker before the final round.
That is in fantasy football where you draft players and compete with you friends on who choose the best players. There is even a fantasy league for spelling bee.  
I see that now, thank you.  I did not know there was a fantasy league for spelling bee either.  
You have to really know the children, or just choose the one from your favorite state. I guess, it is the latter, I am not picturing people taking this seriously. 
I think that sounds like a fun way to gamble!  I learned in section 3 the Deshaun Watson, he is a QB and streaked like a comet!
People sometimes use articles to choose their players, what makes him special ?
He racked up 1,472 passing yards and 18 TDs in 5 games.  Than he ended up tearing a ligament in his knee.
I thinks an injury would be bad for your fantasy team, your friend might laugh at your injured player. Do you read fantasy novels ?
No, I personally do not.  I did read in this article that a janitor from Chicago wrote  15,145 pages over a six year period for his fantasy novel.
That is a great achievement, in school I had trouble writing 2-pages stories. 
As did I, I was never really that creative like the janitor was.  If I am reading this right, Lord of the Rings was the first and only fantasy film to win and academy award for best picture.  I brought this up since it is a fantasy novel also.
Did you saw it  ? I saw it when it first came out, it was good at the time, but I would not watch it again. 
No I haven't and probably will not bother watching it.  I am not too fond of fantasy novels, but there is a university that would let you study science fiction and fantasy literature.
Why you don't like fantasy ? It is a very large field, from magic to science-fiction, books to video games, there is surely a sub-genre that you tolerate. 
I should take that back, I do like some.  I like Harry Potter movies.  I do not like fantasy enough to go to college for it though.  
There you go, I knew that you could not hate every fantasy-related produce. I did read Harry Potter books but did not saw the films. Were they good ?
Yes they are very good!  I recommend watching them when you have a chance.
Thanks I think I will do that, have a nice day. 
you can't dispute that NFL is a leader when it comes to sports in  North America
Of course not
I like the fact that the NFL allows women to join their league
They are totally ahead of their time on that front. But how about those cheerleaders having to leave the restaurants?
I believe that's just particular to New orleans saints cheerleaders and it's 2018 I'm sure it will be addressed 
it should be. Although it amazes me why anyone would put their bodies through playing NFL. that's legitimately painful.  
Things happen, well, im very shocked to know that total life savings of an engineer can be more than that of an NFL career player . Sad!
That's exactly what I was getting at doesn't seem worth it at all. I guess it's the glamour. I mean baseball, basketball and soccer are all great alternatives. what do you think?
I agree with you but I think it's high time something is done about it
I don't think that is even possible, a lot of schools have all the alternative programs but American Football gets all the glory. 
I know quite sad. Well at least there is something other sports like soccer  can learn from NFL  tracking chips  are embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field
That's kind of being done did you know the world cup ball (soccer) has a chip embedded in it, it measures everything, power etc. 
Sweet. technology is doing a good job for sports
did you know the highest score in soccer is 222-0? 
wow, my head can't even imagine 4-0 is quite a blow already but 222-0? 
haha yeah. I'm curious as to how that happened. maybe i'll google it later. do you partake in fantasy leagues and such?
No I don't but curious 
I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?
I have always been a soccer person 
really? I played soccer as a kid. guess what position?
I played 7 and I was also a keeper at a point, good old memories 
I always played keeper could control the ball worth a lick with my feet. but put me as a goalie and i'll make sure that ball doesn't pass me.
hahaha. Thanks for the chat buddy
Like wise, it was fun. take care good bye
Cheers
Cheers
Hey there how often do you watch football? I know that my favorite team is the Patriots and I watch them when I can
Hi! I like to watch occassionally but I find it a little too slow paced for my liking. Although I believe the highest game on record was somehow 222-0!
Yep you're right! It was Georgia Tech meeting Cumberland lol imagine how bad you would have felt if you were watching and you were on the side of Cumberland LOL
Oh absolutely, I can imagie it's very demoralizing. I wonder what's more demoralizing, that or visiting University of Iowa. They have their visiting locker room painted pink.
Yes I would be very demoralized if that were the locker room color when I walked in haha although I think I might actually play better but that's just me, what about you
Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.
Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first downs, kind of wild
Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.
Yeah he should definitely get an award. I like the Patriots a lot though, so I'm glad that he plays for them LOL what's your favorite football team?
Oh mine are as well! I used to like the Saints but ever since finding out the way they treat their cheerleaders it's sort of soured them for me.
Yeah I don't like that either. I think that cheerleaders shouldn't have to leave if a player walks into a restaurant. That seems so outdated, what do you think about the tracking chips that use on the field by the way
Oh it definitely is outdated, and surprising considering women are technically allowed in the NFL!
Yep I agree! Do you think we'll ever see a woman in the NFL by the way? You think that because theres only 11 minutes of Live gameplay, it wouldn't be that hard to qualify to get into the NFL
I think that's possible! Maybe that's why the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than those of an NFL player.
Yeah I can see that. I also think it's weird that they use tracking chips on the field. I don't know why they need to know about the rotation of balls that are thrown LOL you'd think that they would just look at the footage as it plays back and that it would be enough
Ahah I definitely agree with you there, maybe they should spend less with technological innovation and focus on social issues. On another note, are you interested in fantasy at all?
Yes I like a little bit of fantasy myself. I know that people do stuff like National fantasy spelling bees, but I usually stick to just fantasy football
Ahah me as well, but I've been trying to get into it. I think it's nice being able to transport yourself into a fictional universe and go beyond traditional norms.
Yes I agree with you it's interesting to experience reality in different ways, kind of like if you are missing a fold in the brain, then you can go from experience something that could be reality, or it could be fantasy, depending on the fold LOL
Oh ahah when you put it like THAT it's a lot more scary. I think I'd prefer to live permanently where fantasy congress exists, I'd draft congress members completely differently.
Yeah that's another weird thing, people do fantasy Congress, have you ever read anything by Terry Pratchett though? I heard that he has a lot of good books, he was even knighted because he was such a good author
The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.
That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are.  What if they had to have played football in college?
I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play.  I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.
It is interesting that I watch an NFL game that takes usually over three hours and there is only 11 minutes of actual action on average.
That is strange. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.
Well the average player does not last long in the league.  I look forward to the next wild card game today.
Me too. What game are you interested in? Who are you rooting for?
Hopefully the Bears win because I do not like the Eagles.  They are both NFC teams.
Im from chicago and a huge bears fan so I have a rooting interest. Did you know New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
To me that makes sense.  Some other companies are like that as well.  Who would you like to see in the Super Bowl?
The bears vs the pats and hope for a repeat of 1985!
Haha I am a Cowboys fan, so the Cowboys against anybody.
Good game yesterday. I thought you would have lost but pulled it out. It was a good game. Very entertaining. Allen Hurns though... 
Yeah that was awful.  Things have certainly changed from the 1960s when professional bowlers made more than stars in football!
Agreed. Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
They should to also check how their equipment is working.  As athletes get bigger and faster they will need to adjust the equipment.
yeah, especially the helmet and concussions. 
I wonder how many teams have ripped off Iowa painting their visiting locker room pink.  Seems like excellent psychological warfare.
Agreed. The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0. You gotta switch your QB, right?
Haha, they probably did not throw, or they could have used Benjarvus Green-Ellis who never fumbled once his entire NFL career, lol.
Such a good fantasy player. People fantasy draft the national spelling bee
Good grief, people will bet on anything there is even a fantasy congress league.  Crazy.
Good Afternoon. Are you a football fan?
I am yes, what about you?
I am not really a fan. Although I have an opinion on the amount of money they get paid and I think 45 million is way too much.
I agree, 45 million is a lot of money, there is a coach that is a rocket scientist.
He probably makes more money as a coach. It's hard to believe that each game is actually only eleven minutes of live play.
I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes 
All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?
Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,
I don't think women have the stamina, but you never know. For that kind of money someone should try. 
That would be interesting to watch, I agree, the first playoff game was played in 1932 seems like a long time since then
I wasn't even born. I bet the tickets were cheap, though. There is a locker room painted pink at U of Iowa. I wonder why? Maybe they thought they were getting a female player.
Me neither and yeah not like today, stadiums are really expensive to build, and I guess they painted them pink to intimidate the other team
That sounds like a good reason. I bet the other team were really mad. I wonder whose fantasy that was-a pink locker room.
Maybe the idea of the coach, wonder if it works, do you follow college football?
No, I get confused with all of the different teams. lol I did go to see a few Boston University games a long time ago and they were fun.
It can be confusing, interesting fact but 14 of 25 of the largests stadiums are actully college football stadiums
That's a lot of stadiums. I don't think baseball has that many large stadiums. I actually like baseball better. It's not so brutal. But they take a long time to play a game too. I don't think they get paid as much, though.
That is a lot I agree, and mostly football, I think its a more popular game, there is also a high school stadium that cost $60 millions to be made
That's a little ridiculous. It must be in a big city. I think people should understand that it is only entertainment. I see some grown men talking about a player on a team and they are acting like teenagers at a concert.
It must be a big city I agree, seems like a lot of money for a high school stadium, the flags are also really heavy and expensive
Flags are always expensive. Most of them are made out of silk. I suppose the uniforms cost a fortune too. My son's high school uniform was outrageous. I don't know how they expect parents to pay for them.
I know right, they are expensive, well flags are about $50,000 each!
Hello there, how are you doing today? Are you a big fantasy football fan?
I have played fantasy football.    Do you have some tips?
I play too, but unfortunately no, I just started a year ago but I did a lot better this season than last year. 
Me too.    I went with Julio Jones, who failed to produce points in line with his draft position in 2017
Yeah he didn't do as well as projected.  I had some success with some of the Kansas City players since they had such a good season. 
Marcus Mariota, the QB of the Titans slumped to just 13 TD passes in 2017, but did better for me in 2018.
Yeah I had him as a backup quarterback this season on my team.  Speaking of fantasy, did you know there is a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee?
That is pretty nuts.    There is also a fantasy congress draft!
What!? That is just as crazy if not crazier.  Back to football, did you know the average game only has 11 minutes of actual gameplay?
I had heard that.      Do you think the National Football League needs to expand beyond 32 teams?
No I didn't know that either.  I hope there is a female player sometime soon, I guess that could technically happen. 
Yes, The nfl has no written rule against female players 
Yeah, but you never know, there could be something else a girl might be able to do. That is interesting to think about though. 
Perhaps, but maybe women know better, since an engineer earns more lifetime than a professional athelete!
Wow! But I guess when you think about it, they put in more years while an NFL career isn't very long. 
True, and engineers and New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can eat in the same restaurant, something players cannot do.
That is a strange but true NFL facts.  I guess bowlers in the 60's made more money than the top NFL players as well. 
Things sure have changed.      The chips embedded in shoulder pads these days are probably worth more than those player salaries!
Yeah I bet those are worth a pretty penny.  Crazy how the times have changed not only for football but all sports and money. 
Broadcasting too.     Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line.
Yeah I heard that, it does help a ton for the fans watching at home.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you a have a good day. 
Hi!  Have you ever played fantasy football?
I have!  It can be addicting.  lol
My brother got seriously into it, I myself havent played much.
It is fun.  It makes watching football take on a whole different level.  
There is fantasy for just about everything, including congress and the spelling bee
Wow.  I didn't know that.  I wonder how the spelling bee works?  lol  How does the fantasy congress work?
With fantasy congress they get points based on bills passed.
I would think people would have to be super bored to play fantasy congress and the spelling bee. lol  Do you like football then?
Probably, it is probably the members of congress who dont do their jobs being bored in it.
lol  You nailed that on the head!  Did you know that the University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room completely pink?  Must have did that to play mental games with the visitors. lol
Sounds like it.  Nothing like a shocking color on the walls to throw off your game.
lol Right?  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of the day.  Times have sure changed since then.
They sure have, It would likely take half of the top bowlers to equal one football star.
lol yes.  Do you know what the highest scoring football game of all time is?
Yeah, its almost unbelievable.  222-0
Holy smokes!  Someone racked up a lot of fantasy points that day. lol
Unless you had a player on Cumberland's team, then that blew your whole season.  lol
hahahaaha   Out of the 32 NFL teams do you have a favorite?  Mine is the Steelers.
Unfortunately, the Dolphins...  Im never going to see them in a super bowl...
Nice!  Have you been a Dolphins fan for a long time?  Do you remember OJ McDuffie?
I havent followed them closely.  But Ive watched here and there since Marino played.
Nice!  Loved Marino.  It was nice chatting sports with you. Have a good one!
Same here.  You too!
hi, do you watch football?
I watch it from time to time. I also watched the Super Bowl. I love the Patriots what about you?
Nice, good thing they won yet again. I watch it but not a fan
Do you like high school football? Apparently Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his sons High School football team
wow, good for him they must have been so excited. the university of iowa locker room for visitors is painted pink
That is crazy I would probably be mad if I were on the opposite team. Did you know that a high school football stadium in Texas cost about 60 million dollars to create
I find that to be too much. DId you know espn won an emmy?
Yes they did. I think it was for the yellow line that appears on TV when you watch football games. Is that true?
yeah it is and I really wonder if that is award worthy
Yeah I don't know. It definitely helps the game but winning an Emmy for that. I just don't know about that haha. Can you guess how much those huge American flags at the football stadiums weigh?
hmmm never though about it so no, I do not think I know how heavy they are
Haha well they are about 1,000 pounds in $50,000
wow, that is crazy. do you know what the highest score in football history is?
I don't know what was it? I bet it was a massive difference though
yeah it was, 222-0
That's a crazy score. Did you know that the NFL is 32 different teams. I always wondered the difference between NFC and the AFC
Yeah I am not too great with acronyms either. do youknow benjarvus green-ellis?
I have heard of him yes. Doesn't he play for the Patriots?
Yes and he is the only player to have never fumbled the ball in his career
Oh wow that's cool. Did you know that Matt Patricia is a rocket scientist. He's a coach in the NFL
what a career jump. bet he uses some physics rules to make the game better
Oh yeah he's probably a genius. By the way do you like fantasy novels at all? Do you like the Lord of the Rings
hey hows it going, can you guyss who the top 3 most wealthy presidents are?
Hi! If I had to take a guess, I'd say Lincoln, Roosevelt, and Kennedy. Am I close?
well it would be Kennedy, washington and jefferson actually! so kind of close, they must have adjusted for inflation
I was semi close! What made them as wealthy as they did?
well I would imagine it was their vast property and I know washington and jefferson owned slaves, so that probably didn't hurt I suppose
I wonder if they lost their monetary value of slaves when they freed the slaves. That's kind of crazy to think about that people were like possessions that could be transacted! Now, it's just cars, homes, etc. Did you know it is illegal to warm up your car in Ohio?
no I didn't know that, I live in michigan and I can tell you its super cold, I wish I had a way to warm my car but I know here that is not illegal, thankfully!
Oh that's super close to Ohio, I made a trip with a friend once from Ohio to Michigan. Yeah, a remote car starter would be useful especially when you guys were affected by the polar vortex! It could be possible because Audi adjusted their car horn sound to accomodate the Indian market and its heavy usage.
oh wow that is interesting, we were talking about presidents did you know the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums
What? That's crazy! Maybe that's what students need in order to learn about history.
haha good question, I think trump should make a pop album with kanye since they seem to be friends, that woudl be crazy!
Lol! Seeing that Kanye seems pretty wild in his actions, you never know. At least he and Trump would get away with it by calling it "art"
haha yes maybe they could call the album "the art of my art" insteda of the art of the deal haha
Lol and you should be the producer or marketing director! I'm not sure whether or not I would change the radio station if I heard it over the radio though but Bing Crosby recordings filled more than half of the radio time in 1948.
wow that is crazy, he was super successful at that time, have you heard of zimbabwe? I guess they call their president President Banana
Lol! I've heard of that country but didn't know that that's what they called their president. 
haha Vote Yellow, Vote Banana! I guess before 1805 the runner up in the presidential election became the VP, isn't that wild imagine president trump and vp hillary!
Seriously! Do you know whether or not the people of Zimbabwe vote for their president via the popular vote or they have a electoral college? 5 presidents in the US have actually been elected even though they lost the popular vote!
ya that's a good question I don't know, but what is crazy is that the white house is smaller than the white house's guest house!
No way! Really? Who stays in the guest house? Would family members or close relatives stay there? In Guatemala, close relatives of former presidents can't legally run for president.
I like that idea personally! maybe thats where Kanye will stay when he and Trump make their album together!
Do you own a car?
I don't own a car, but I lease a Ford Focus. I recently got the lease. What about you?
Nice I am leasing a Cadillac, do you know what they are named after?
Yeah, isn't the brand named for the French Explorer who founded Detroit or something?
Yep, it was Antoine de la mothe Cadillac, I am glad they stuck with Cadillac lol
Much easier to say. I feel like easy-to-pronounce brands do much better typically because people can easily recognize and recommend them. Do you follow the news at all?
I follow the president here and there, are you a fan of him?
I'm personally not a fan of him, though I'm always open to hear people's reasons for supporting him. What about you?
Me too, I like hearing both sides. I am an independent and like both stories to make my opinion. I think he is up there as the top 3 for presidents now for wealth
Yeah, I think he is. I think it's terrible though that he's launched such a venomous crusade against the media, I think it's starting to get people killed! Did you hear about the Capital Gazette newsroom having a mass shooting?
I have not heard that, when was this?
I think it was late June 2018. It's terrible, some gunman just barged in and killed five people firing multiple rounds and reloading. All these journalists were saying that someone of them got stressed about danger abroad when covering foreign stories, but none of them ever expected to be shot on home territory!
Wow, that is quite sad.  I think Trump needs to do something to better that image.
Yeah I agree. It's so devastating. I personally am a proponent for greater gun control, I saw this article suggesting that the reason we have so many mass murders might be because of the insane number of guns people have in the US. Either way, I think any sane person can agree that we shouldn't be killing journalists!
Yea it is a sad world we live in, we need that mental health part too, but sadly it will still happen with this talk. Do you listen to much radio?
I don't really ever listen to the radio, unless you count Spotify (which I doubt is radio haha). But there's some cool stuff on radios now. There's a website that has thousands of old radio dramas that you can listen to for free!
I would love to hear that in my car. Sometimes a good drama on the way to work may motivate me to work better for the day. Did you hear about being able to hear jupiters storms on am radio?
I did! And there's some way to hear solar activity in the form of sounds, too! I think radio is so cool. It's actually possible to make simple radios from pencils and razorblades--they're called foxhole radios!
Foxhole radios are amazing, I wonder how they ever thought of doing that. I am going to check that out. It was so nice chatting with you!
Yeah I kind of want to try it out, but I did not take any sort of electrical engineering course in college. There's also a program in Finland where it's conducted in classical Latin--crazy!
wow, I will have to check them out too! Have a great weekend, take care!
Hi! Do you listen to the radio?
I do, I actually like to listen to radio dramas, theres a very good site with thousands of free episodes
I'm not familiar with what that site is, the only radio dramas I know that are free are podcasts, are those what you call radio dramas?
Yeah, that would be it, drama podcasts but in a radio show format, there is also a radio station that broadcasts news in latin!! interesting or boring?
Oh I see, that would definitely be boring to me since I do not understand latin, but I heard on the radio news that cars in South Africa can equip their cars with flame throwers to prevent from stealing their cars, does that mean they come with a "Launch" button?
Thats lunatic!! can you imagine cars in America with flame throwers? we would be in deep trouble for sure, I wonder why they allow that over there
They allow it to people from stealing each other's cars, that definitely would not fly in the US if cars would equipped with that but what does work are drive-thru's that was made popular by McDonald's to accommodate soldiers in uniforms, do you use the drive-thru's?
I do use them I think they are a great invention and I guess we owe soldiers a lot, I couldnt imagine my life without a drive-thru service, they are just life saves
They do more than just save lives, I get speedy service especially at the Chick Fil A, I wonder where that name came from since the Car brand Cadillac was named after a French Explorer with the same last name that also happened to found Detroit
I see, so thats were the Cadilac name comes from, you know the first car was a Benz
The first car was Benz? You mean the first car that was ever made, manufactured, equipped with flame-throwers, care to elaborate?
The first car ever to be made, the year was 1986 many people think it was a Ford but no, 
Oh ok I see, I also thought the first car was a Ford but maybe its just the manufacturing process that they perfected. Crazy to see what a long way we've come to now even having professional video game sports car competitions like when Jann Mardenborogh beat 90K people in the game Gran Turismo, I don't play, do you?
I used to play it as a kid, if i knew I could have become a pro driver just from playing it I would have practiced a lot more lol
That would be a great accomplishment just like the president of Indonesia who released 3 pop albums while in office!
3 pop albums while in office!!  I guess he had a lot of free time, I would be worried as a citizen of Indonesia
Why would you be worried? I'd be worried because that seems a bit unprofessional and also wonder whether my tax dollars are being siphoned for personal use.
I would be worried because an album takes a lot of time so instead of doing his job his recording songs probably with the tax dollars of citizens, they are expensive as well. 
Yeah exactly, I wonder if received a nickname for those pop endeavors like the president of Zimbabwe is called President Banana.
Thats funny, how can you be called Banana!!! you know that before 1905 the runner up of an election in the US would become the vice president
I wonder when they changed the rules, that would be interesting to see happen since the runner up is from the opposite party.
Cars have definitely changed our way of life. 
I know right!  super convenient,  The drive thru was invented by McDonalds and that is amazing,  I mean yeah it has made america lazy but its amazing!
Yes it is. I can't imagine not having them. The trunk of your car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back.
lol Yeah,  but those are so heavy,  I can;t believe they had to lug that thing to the back of their car everytime they were spending the night somewhere.  ugh
Me either. I'm sure it was super inconvenient. I also find it interesting that Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo. I don't know how the video game translates to actual race car driving. 
Yeah I know right.  That just seems like you are a professional gamer lol That game doesn't even have pedals. Oh well,  thats good for him if he actually was a good driver!  
Yes I don't understand that at all. Here's a terrifying car fact, in South Africa it is legal to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking.
Yeah,  I agree with that law lol Wow,  car theft must be really serious there!  Thats extreme!  Although,  maybe they should have flame throwers in places that snow!  Clearing out the driveway could be so much easier! and warmer!
That's what I thought. It must really be s named after an issue. I could use it right now to clear out our area ha ha. Another fact that I just learned is that Cadillac was a French explorer antoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit.
That is interesting.  Detroit doesn't sound French at all lol 
No not at all. Do you enjoy the radio?
Absolutely!  I heard they have a free radio station that plays radio dramas!  Sound like these dramas were probably before audible lol 
I know those were extremely popular at one time but I don't know if they would hold up now or not. I believe there is a website for that as well. 
Nice!  That's good though,  options!  I mean what if you forgot to download your book to your device and you have a long road trip with no signal, now you know there are classic dramas on the radio for free!  Road trip saved!
Yes they would certainly help to pass the time. Did you know that according to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian?
Omg,  like 40% of the songs on the radio are Justin Bieber?  That's not cool.  Those poor Canadians.  
Ha ha. I sure hope not. That would be very unfortunate for them. 
i read somewhere that Justin Biebers " baby" song is voted the worse video on Youtube lol 
I have heard that also. I can see why. Another radio fact for you. Soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios. I didn't even know that was possible. 
Me either,  I honestly do not know how radio and tv works.  Like I dont know how pictures show up on the tv through wire or code lol it is beyond me.  But I wonder if the soldiers radios picked up Jupiter storms,  since they are so strong. 
That is a very good question. 
How do you feel about the shooting in Annapolis?
I think its a shame I hate to see things like this.
I agree I don't understand why people always kill other people when they are unhappy.
Its seems to be a trend in America he was armed with shotgun and smoke grenades seems premeditated.
The smoke grenades is a the key that it was. I just don't understand why.
Me either maybe Capital Gazette published a story about him.
As a mother to a teen in high school, gun violence is always on my mind. 
Yes its getting worse I think we should all be cautious there is no way to tell where it will happen next.
That is very true. I wish that our government would implement some type of gun control or background checks.
I believe firearms are big business in America the governments do not want to stop the money train.
I feel the exact same way. It is terrible that money is more important than American lives.
Yes mental health needs to be addessed also
That too. I always tell my partner that mental health is such a big issue here and it is mainly ignored. If more money were put into mental health I think we would have less gun violence and homelessness.
I know right but not in America!
No not here where money is the answer to eveything.
I think if we dont help one another this country is going to see some bad times.
I agree. I just wish that our politicians would see it that way. 
They do but turned a blind eye to it.
They do. 
yes the government has never been on the citizens side of things.
Unfortunately, you are right. I wish that things could change. It has to change.
Maybe one day if we all get on the same page and stop fighting eachother
We can hope.
Time will tell
It will. 
What you think the President should do about this?
I think he should try to regulate how much Washington is paid by gun lobbyists and he should try to implement mental health screenings for gun purchases.
That would be great and help keep a lot of us safe
I am sure there is more, but I think that would be a good start.
Hi how are you today?
Hi. I am good. How are you?
I'm good thanks. Did you know that Radio is the technology of using radio waves to carry information, such as sound, by systematically modulating properties of electromagnetic energy waves transmitted through space
I did not know that at all.  I know radio waves must be strong though because Jupiter's radio storms can be picked up on earth using an am radio.
Yes absolutely and  According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
Well that is a law that actually makes sense!  You know with the strength of radio waves it is surprising to me to know that a radio can be made using a razorblade and a pencil.
Wow yes that is amazing. Did you also know There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
No I didn't but I would like to do that! Some old radio dramas were quite good!
Yes I agree. I really like history and listening to things from that time.
So do I.  Speaking of history, did you know that the top three richest presidents were washington, jefferson, and kennedy?
No I did not. I think its crazy that The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house
I do too.  Do you think maybe they started to build the guest house as the president's house and for some reason didn't like it and then built the actual one?
LOL Its a good possibility I guess .LOL
You never know.  I mean things were different back then. The vice president was the runner up in the election for example.
Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
That's right.  Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?
Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.
It's been good talking to you as well.
Have a good day
You too.  At least have a better day than the first president of Zimbabwe who was called president banana!
LOL yes thank you 
I do not know how much you are interested in astronomy, but did you know Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio?
All radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played by canadian. Radio is the technology of using radio waves to carry information.
I wonder if that is unique to Canada?  I heard that in Finland, they have a radio news program entirely in Latin.
There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas free.
Today a lot of radio is digital, but did you know that WW2 soldiers would make simple analog radios using a razorblade and pencil as a diode?
Its is the only sources to hear news in olden days.  Now days lot of new radio station make more interesting.
I wonder if President Trumps SOTU address will be carried on radio?
President is a title given to leaders of republican states. president vary according to the form of government.
I know Trump is rich, but do you think he is the richest of all U.S. presidents of the past?
The U.S president guest house is larger than the white house.
I did not know that.  I know that today, the presidential candidate selects the VP running mate.  I recently learned that until 1805 the VP was the runner-up in the election.  Do you think that is fairer?
The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana.
That is an interesting nickname.  Did you know that the Indonesian President released 3 pop albums while in office?  That makes Trump's professional endeavors seem mundane.  
Car is a wheeled motor vehicle used for transportaion. Cars came into global use in 20th century.
What do you think of the new Cadillac presidential limo nicknamed the "Beast"?  
Germans are good in car manufacturing. Which is your favorite car ?
I am a Ford man.  I have 1998 F-350 Powerstoke pickup on the farm that just will not quit! 
Benz is best I think it makes airplanes that are more safe and comfortable.
MB is a great brand.  Did you know that MB was considered the first real "automobile" in when patented by Karl Benz in 1886?
Yes, I know it. Firstly designed for racer and than for people use only.  Mainly people are using this brand.
Did you know the McD added drive-thrus in '75 for soldiers who could not get out and dine while in uniform?  I guess that is the start of the dashboard becoming the 2nd diner table.
Cars used for mainly military purpose and make soldiers for travelling. It make more easy to move in olden days.
Did you know that at one time the car "trunk" literally a wooden trunk strapped to the back?  Now TESLA cars have both a "trunk" and a "frunk" (front trunk) where the engine use to go.
The car brand cadillac was named after french explorer atoine de la mothe cadillac who founded detroit.
That is an interesting bit of trivia. Did you know that Chevrolet is named after a race car driver? 
yes, All best brand no need advertisement.
Thinking of race car drivers, did you know that Jann Mardenborough got into the drivers seat by beating 90,000 gamers at Gran Turismo?
Thanks for chatting  with me.  Have a great day.
You too, good bye.
Do you drive often?
I drive a lot. Commute is my life. Do you drive a lot?
I used to before I moved. It is amazing how much of our economy and development is centered around cars
Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.
I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?
That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?
Yes but the real question is do you use it? I never have, but I have recently been reading up on radios which is why I ask
I do use it because it is in every car. Do you use it?
I actually use my phone for music since that its more consistent. I am interested in how radios world and how it is being used in deep space exploration rather than daily use
Now, I can give you an answer. I use my phone most of the time. I have bluetooth. Isn't there radios in Jupiter?
Well Jupiter have radio storms so strong we can detect them here on earth with radios
Is it in the am of fm radio?
That I am not sure, but I am sure the radios are more sophisticated than the foxhole radios of wwii.
Maybe, they are now called walkie talkies.
Can walkie talkies intercept noise? I thought it usually was connected to pairs
Well, walkie talkies should. How are you going to contact each other? Maybe the soldiers were grouped in pairs. It is all conspiracy.
Lol I don't know about radios. All I know are that the foxhole radios in wwii were made of a razorblade and pencil. I have no clue how it works
I do not know about radios either. That is an interesting way to make radios.
Ya something we know how to use them yet sometimes we have no clue how they work. In any case, I enjoyed our chat
I enjoyed chatting with you as well.
Have a nice day.
Do you like sports? I watch football every now and then but I don't really care for basketball.
yeah, I dont watch basketball at all. I used to watch football before all of the kneeling and protesting. Now my Sundays are mine again.
So do you agree or disagree with the kneeling? The anthem and pledge are not a requirement by law, plus it had nothing to do with the united states itself and was more in protest to police violence.
I don't agree with the protesting. Players should protest or be active on their own time.
I can agree with that. i think he just wanted the most publicity he could, and I hate how it is so over blown.
The NFL has given in to the PC culture and thought police in the US. 
I feel like everything is going that way these days, everyone is so offended by every little thing now. Also I think we should all protest the NFL after that last Superbowl, it was so awful, lowest scoring Superbowl in history.
I was a huge fan. I didnt even watch the superbowl this year. Another patriots win....yawn....I mean yay
Yeah that is probably for the best, there was only one score, it was extremely boring, So what is your favorite tv show to watch right now.
I don't watch a lot of tv either, we can run through some of this Tv trivia though. There are over 750 episodes of pokemon. That's about 50 a year for 16 years.
Yeah my nephews watch Pokemon on Netflix, I found it too silly though. I did not know the UK did their own version of thats 70s show that was canceled after 10 episodes though.
yeah, that show was ok, kinda funny from what I remember. Hard to believe only 1 episode of the simpsons without bart, mentioned or appearing.
Yeah I still watch it on Netflix every now and then if I am bored, I have been re watching game of thrones as of late though.
ahh yeah, I did binge through the game of thrones series. Do you know when the series will be released?
Yep, I love it, the next season starts April 14th.I really wish it wasn't the last season but GRRM just takes too long to finish the books.
perfect! Looking forward to it returning.
Yeah it will be interesting to see how john and Daenerys deal with who gets the throne, since john is the actual heir.
yeah, should be good. will be interesting to see.
Yep, will it was nice talking to you, have a good day.
you too!
Good conversation always makes these hits better.
Do you enjoy the NFL?
No I am not a sports fan but there are some interesting things I learned about recently. Like, did you know that the average NFL live gameplay is only 11 minutes per game? 
I'm not surprised. There are an extreme amount of commercials, reviews, and penalties. I did not know that there are no written rules against female players in the NFL. But they have to meet the eligibility requirements and as large as those men are I doubt that happens. 
I did not know that there were no rules against women, but like you said it would be unlikely that any woman could meet the requirements. The players have tracking chips in their shoulder pads and the ball as well. I guess that has helped with various informations.
I have to wonder why they would need to track them so closely. There are cameras everywhere and they use the cameras and the refs to make calls so why the need to track them so precisely?
I would have no idea. I wonder why air jordans were banned when they were first introduced. 
I do not know. My guess is that they considered it product placement and didn't want to allow him the advertisement during games. Jordan wore them anyway though and Nike paid his fines. 
Your are probably correct. Wow, I guess the fine was nothing for them to cover. Do you know who Allen Iverson is or that he had a contract with Reebock that would pay him $800,000 a year until he was 55?
I don't but that's a huge contract. He's set for life. I did know that Reggie Miller has a sister who was better than him at basketball in high school. She scored more points them him and broke eight national records. 
Their ability must be at least partially genetic. I did not know the NBA includes 1 team that is from Canada, that is interesting. 
I didn't either. I also did not know that basketball players are the highest paid athletes based on average annual salary per player. I would have thought that football players made more. 
I would have thought the same as you. I wonder what the Granny Style technique is. Physicists say it is the best technique for scoring points but that no one does it because it looks stupid. 
That's when you squat and throw the ball from between your legs underhanded with both hands. I would think it would be harder to aim that way not easier. 
Oh, thank you. I can not imagine how that would be a good way to score points. I did not know that Paul Allen owned teams. I wonder what became of them after he died?
No problem. That question I do not know the answer to. A player named Tim Duncan delayed his entrance in the NBA to complete college. I'm glad he saw that education was important but that was risky because they may not want you four years later when you finish. 
Yes it was risky but it is nice to learn that some of the players actually do prioritize their education. I guess it is rare. Did you know tha the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can not eat in the same restaurant as the players and even if they are there first they have to leave if a player somes in? 
That's horrible. I don't think they treat their cheerleaders well and I don't like that aspect. I recently discovered that most make around minimum wage.
That is terrible and we know that they can all easily afford to pay them a lot more. So the regular season ends in late Dec. So I guess the big game is coming up soon. Will you watch?
I'm sure I will but I'm not excited about it. I'm so sick of seeing the Patriots. It's boring to see them at this point. I'd rather see other teams. Six teams from each conference make the playoffs and we end up with the Patriots again/ 
Oh yes I heard that. I also heard about some call in a game that a ref made. Some people were quite upset about it. I agree a different team makes it more fun. 
There were terrible calls in both games but I would imagine you are talking about them not calling pass interference during the Saints game. It was a very bad call or lack of I suppose. 
I knew of Paul Allen and his relationship with Bill Gates in the founding of Microsoft.  But I did not know he was an owner with the Seattle Seahawks and Portland Trail Blazer franchises.  Did you?
I actually did not know that! I was very sad to learn of his passing. I actually did not know he was battling non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. It was also sad knowing Paul didn't have a wife or kids either.
He did not and the nearest heir is his sister.  From what I have been reading, she is not into sports like Paul was.  So she might want to sell rather than try to run the franchises.
That's probably her best shot anyway. Better to sell it to someone who loves sports. So are you a fan of the NBA? I am and hope to one day visit the the head offices in New York! I bet it is a fascinating to see!
I followed the Bulls when I lived in Chicago for about 10 years and Michael Jordon was king.  Since moving back to Louisiana, I have not really followed it that much.  Speaking of MJ, did you know that the NBA banned him from wearing Nike Air Jordan shoes.  .  He did anyway and Nike covered the fines.  That was a good PR move for Nike.
Agreed. A very wise decision in my opinion! They make so much money off sponsorships, its insane! Like Allen Iverson, he signed a lifetime deal with Reebok that pays him $800k per year until he hits 55. Then they'll pay him a lump sum of $32 million. That is just downright unbelievable!
Endorsements and sponsorship deals are extremely lucrative.  It seems the stars make more money that way than playing the game.  Switching to the NFL, do you know of any Tom Brady endorsements?  He has to have some major ones in the works with another Superbowl win.
No kidding! I can only imagine! Ha!  But can you believe that NFL and MLB players make less in a lifetime than engineers do?
We always hear about the star's salaries, but not the rest of the 1st and 2nd string.  So I could see that an engineer with a 40 year career could easily out earn an average NFL player with a 10 year career.   A guess that given the few slots available to move up from collegiate to pro, you enter the draft when the time is right regardless if you are nearing finishing your degree.
That is true. But you know what gets me? There are no rules that against females playing as long as they meet the requirements. So I can't believe one has never been signed as at least a kicker, especially in this day and age!
The glass ceiling for refs came crashing down during the playoffs with the 1st NFL ref officiating a playoff game.  So, it is probably just a matter of time.  What I find interesting is how tech has changed the game.  Now we have tracking chips in shoulder pads and balls to know precise location and other parameters.
Agreed. It's amazing how technologically advanced the game has become, despite the actual live gameplay itself only lasting an average of 11 minutes!
I am still trying to figure that one out.  We have four f15 minute quarters, or 60 minutes.  So where does the time go?  I wonder with the advent of TV, game play time is affected by the need for commercial breaks?
I would imagine so. It just doesn't seem real though, does it? Speaking of unreal NFL facts, can you believe Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the Saints players? In fact, if a player enters a restaurant they're dining in, the cheerleaders have to leave. I'm surprised no discrimination lawsuits have been filed over that!
Some traditions / superstitions revolving around sports is unreal!  For example, its a proven fact that "granny style" is the most consistent shooting style for free throws.  NBA players refuse to do it because "it looks stupid".
Ha! I don't blame them there, even though I wouldn't be surprised to see a player eventually try that approach. But when you're the best paid athletes by average annual salary in the world, looking silly is the last thing one would want!
I guess...  Do you watch much sports on TV or mainly other shows?
I do and I actually love the Simpson's. There's one episode in particular where Bart never makes an appearance nor is even mentioned that I still want to see. What about you?
I do not watch much sports on TV.  Its  just not the same as being there.  So, I have season tickets to my alma mater, the LSU Tigers.  The Simpson's have been going strong since 1989 - thats unbelievable.  Did you know that when Family Guy ended, the crew received flowers from the Simpsons production team?  I wonder if it was congratulations, condolences, or a bit of both?
Ha! I think it was more of a thank you. I can only guess neither of them like Family Guy. Were you a fan of the 70s Show? I was looking forward to seeing the UK remake but it was sadly cancelled after 10 episodes. 
The 70s Show was not really my style.  I am more into drama.  And, the kids when younger were into Thomas the Tank Engine and similar shows.  Did you know Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin all did more than 52 episodes of Thomas?  I found that astonishing considering Carlin and Baldwin are both know for very salty language!
Oh, no! I wasn't aware of that. Hard to believe all three of them served as narrators! I was into Pokemon more when I was younger although I don't think I watched even half of the 750 episodes of Pokemon. Ha! That is far too manu. Well it was a pleasure chatting with you! I hope you have a great evening, my friend! 
Hello
Well Hello My friend! Happy Thursday. You know, I woke up melancholy today and couldnt help but think how far we've come since World war II, Television has improved since black and white TV. This morning, I turned on my TV with my voice. It's beautiful, the growth yet crazy thinking about the Future.  
Yes i have an echo dot that works my tv also
I Love mine, since early 2000's the world began to transition to digital television and went worldwide in the 2010's it amazes me how much was done in such little time. Do you have any favorite shows?
No, I like the classic comedy sit coms.
You can never go wrong with classic comedy sitcoms! Did you ever watch "The 70's show"? I did, still do, I love it. But did you know they tried remaking it in the UK but it was cancelled after 10 episodes. 
i didnt know that. I did watch the show a couple of times. My favorite show is Cheers as I was a bar owner for quite awhile.
Oh nice! I would Love to have my own bar! Speaking of bar, it reminds me of Bart Simpson, haha did you know in the entire show of "the simpsons", there is only ONE episode where is doesnt come out or is mentioned! Did you ever watch that show? I'm just full of fun facts today :) 
Yes i have seen that show a number of times
Me too! I couldn't decide which one I liked better. Between "the simpsons" South Park, &Family guy. which, btw, they are all connected, Did you know they they were so sweet to each other. When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew, now thats is wild to think of.
Yes , I had heard that somewhere before
I didn't know. Hm, how about Pokemon? Did you ever watch hthat as a kid? I did, but I never knew that there are over 750 episodes! that's over 50 a year for 16 years straight! now they were busy!
I never did see that show. Thats a lot of episodes
Indeed, definately beats Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec baldwin which by the way, they have narrated over 52 episodes of Thomas the tank engine
That something that i would never had guessed.
Me either, but enough about me,  Do you  know any fun facts? Do you enjoy sports?
i love baseball, football and basketball
Oh really? me too! I'm a huge Chicago Bears fan.
I am a Green Bay Packer fan
Oh no, this conversation is over! haha totally kidding. I was a New Orleans fan too until I found out that their cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as the players, if one walks in they must leave! thats crazy in my opinion. 
Yes. That sounds nuts
well, nice chatting with ya. Peace out :) oh and have an awesome day!
Do you watch football? 
Hi, how are you today? Sometimes I watch football.
I do too. Did you know there is onlyone left handed QB in the nfl? 
Yeah, I heard that. I guess it's hard for teams to adjust around a lefty. 
I wonder if that is in fact the issue, seems like a lot of work to work around that. 
I see so many lefties in the MLB, I figure it would be the same in the NFL. I am surprised by the origins of the huddle.
Yeah, it was to hide singals from the opposing team! 
Clever. It's such a fundamental part of the game now. Do you listen to the radio much?
I used to, but I was wondering how you could listen to Jupiter from the AM radio. 
I bet Jupiter is better than most top 40 these days.
Yeah, hilarious. Did you know in Canada that they make you listen to 40% Canadian music? 
I think the law is there to protect Canadian artists in their home market. Everybody is a Rush fan as a result.
LOL, I forgot about Rush. They have a really good drummer, 
He was a terrible hockey player, so he took up music.  Would you listen to a news broadcast in Latin? 
Nah, I can't speak the language, I would get nothing out of it. 
Why is this a thing in Finland? A news program in Latin? Some rich weirdo must pay for it, or there are a ton of volunteers.
LOL. Did you know that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office? 
I guess he had a following. I bet Trump would release albums.
Maybe, I'm not sure. Were the ones in Indonesia successful? 
I have no idea. He probably made a law that people had to buy them. Trump would probably record with Kanye.
That would be a good album wouldn't it?
Do you play or watch football?
I love the NFL!
Did you see Alex Smith's injury? He broke his tibia and fibula.
That was a nasty injury; they only showed it once on replay though
That is good, It is a gruesome injury to look at. I watched live as a Cowboy's ankle broke last weekend, terrible.
Oh yeah, that was a nasty one too. There have been way too many injuries this year
I agree with that! Football can get dangerous sometimes. Some things you don't want to watch with a weak stomach.
WHo is your favorite QB?
Right now I like Das Prescott, Who is yours? They have a big responsibility in calling the play while in huddle.
I have really taken a liking to Mahomes but have been a fan of Brady and Brees for many years
Awesome, not a huge huge fan of football, but rooting for the Cowboys this year, though it
They will have a tough game against the Rams this weekend; The Rams have a good QB too.
It will be a tough one to try and win for the Cowboys, since it has been so long that they have gone to the Superbowl. I find it cool that Alex Smith received his Bachelor's degree in two years!
He will need it especially if he can't come back to football after his injury
That is definitely true with that injury he sustained.Did you know they created the huddle because of a deaf QB named Paul Hubbard?
I did but I don't understand why the NFL and QBs still do it
Not sure, I guess it makes their plays less likely to be heard or seen.
I once beat Baker Mayfield in Halo 3 in an online tournament; he's not really that good
Awesome! I guess he better stick to football only then? I thought more people were left handed, but Kellan Moore is the only left handled QB in the NFL! 
Mahomes has been throwing some passes left handed lately
That's cool, is he normally left handed? Or do you think he has an injury to his right hand?
No, he got stuck in a pickle and adjusted for the play
Hi there, hope all is well. Can't wait to chat with You ;)
The Alex Smith injury, his broken leg in the game against the Texans was a bad one.
Really  ? Is he ok ? How was the game ?:)
Alex broke his tibia and fibula when he was sacked in the game.
Ok. I have to ask :) what sport are we talking about ;)
Football
ahhh , love football. Ronaldo and Messi are keep competing who scores more goals :)
American football, Alex Smith was playing for the Washington Redskins against Houston.
ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)
That'
That's football :)
Both games are similar in that players use their feet to kick a ball. After the sack the Redskins punted the ball away.
Are You a Redskins fan ?
No, but I am an American football fan and I do enjoy watching high level soccer occasionally as well as some of the World Cup games.
Great ! I mean good for You man, most of the Americans I talk to is laughing at Soccer... sad really, it's a sport I love from early childhood :)
I am a fan of the US National team.....the fact that we didn't qualify for the last World Cup is bothersome but I definitely prefer American football.
I hear You. I tried to watch American Football and I get the rules, but for some reason it just wasn't entertaining for me... not much was really happening and the game was interrupted every couple of seconds... sorry, no offense... 
That's similar to how I see soccer, and I don't get offended, in fact that word is not in my vernacular. Basically, it's what you grew up playing and what you know.....that's your passion.
Amen to that brother.  Every time I play - heart beats a little faster :)
College football is my big thing and I played football in high school. I played soccer as a youngster but never had a drive for it.
I was born in Europe ( Poland ) - we are born with soccer balls glued to our feet :)
I am well aware of the passion for soccer that most of the World has. And my God Bless Poland, one of the few sane countries left in Europe. Go Poland
Now that's interesting :) why do You say that ;) I mean Thank You - but why ?
Poland currently has a strong economy and strong leadership and has a true identity as a country. Most of the other countries in Europe, especially W. Europe have lost that.
I guess so :) their immigration policy was their doom :/ sad really, but that's how we learn...
Good speaking with you. I'm out.
Do you listen to the radio?
I love listening the radio still! 
me too, nothing better than listening to the radio to work. Did you know if you have it on AM you may be able to pick up radio storms from jupiter?
I never knew that but I'm going to have to look it up to find out how to get it.
Me too, I want to do that next commute! Have you heard of foxhole radios
I haven't heard of those.  What are they?
They were radios made by ww2 soldiers using razorblades and pencils. They were simple radios, so interesting
That is interesting!  There is a website where you can listen to 1000's of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.  Sadly I cannot recall the name of the website.
That would be interesting to know. It may make for a long car trip to be fun. I like radio dramas! Do you follow the NFL at all?
I do follow the NFL!
Nice me too, do you have a favorite quarterback?
I do like Baker Mayfield because I'm a Browns fan.
I am sorry for your years of disaster, Baker is a promising quarterback who will do great things! I heard he video games great also!
They have been pitiful to say the least. lol  ...and yes..he almost quit football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career.  Crazy if you ask me. lol
For sure, I think Halo 3 was his game. I would beat him one on one for sure lol! Did you know how the huddle was formed?
lol  I'm not sure I've ever heard how it was formed.  Do you know?
It was formed because of a deaf quarterback Paul Hubbard. I think he may have been a browns quarterback at one point? He did it so the other team couldn't see his hand signals
Interesting.  I don't recall him playing for the Browns.  I could be wrong though.  I lose track of the QBs before the 80's because it was before my time.  lol  I see that there's only 1 left handed QB in the NFL...Kellan Moore.  I'm not familiar with him.  I'm guessing they mean current players?
Right, he is the backup for the cowboys I think, played at Boise State. Vick was my favorite lefty before the jail time. It was so nice chatting with you!
Yes...Vick is managing one of the teams in the new AAF league.  It's been fun!
No way, I didn't know that. Enjoy your night!
do you know who Kevin Sheehan is?
I am not sure, is he the person that launched the podcast after leaving team 980?
Yeah apparently his contract expired and he was not able to renew it. 
Ah, do you listen to the radio a lot?
Not a whole lot everything's digital now a days. How about you? 
I only listen to the radio while I am on the car.
Apparently the storms on Jupiter are so strong they can be picked on AM radio. 
Wow!  There is also a website where you can listen to thousands upon thousands of classical radio dramas. All for free!
Free always good! Soldiers use to make radios out of razor blades and pencils in WW2 they dubbed the the foxhole radios. 
Canadian radios also have to play 40% canadian music.
I think that's a good ideal. I think it helps to preserve their culture. What do you think about that?
I guess, although I do not think that they need that rule. A lot of artists that I listen to are already Canadian and I think that they make excellent music.
That's true too. did you know that the nfl has no written rule preventing women from playing in the nfl?
Really? Wow. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live action. I wonder why so many people still enjoy it.
I know it's crazy there is so much money in sports. there are 32 teams and 17 weeks of regular season with one bye week. 
I agree. Thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you.
Know they are going to have tracking chips in their padding as well as the football. You i enjoyed it!
The tracking chip in the football are responsible for keeping track of its rotations and velocity.
Yeah that makes sense. You know if a cheerleader is eating at a restaurant and a player comes in to eat they have to leave? 
That is a very unfair rule, I wonder why it even exists. Do they have something against cheerleaders?
I assume it's got something to do with player fraternization. It's only like that in New Orleans.
Yeah. Anyways, thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you!
You too my friend have a good night! In parting the iPhone has more computing power than a nuclear icbm deterrent. 
Hello! How are you tonight?
I'm good.  How are you?
I'm doing well! Do you like to watch football?
Yes I do.  I watched college and NFL football games.
Who is your favorite NFL team?
49ers since I used to live in the Bay area.  I lived there for 30 years.  
Oh nice! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay during the game?
I heard about it and was very surprised.  What do they mostly do?
I figured it's all commercials and huddles with the clock going. Do you think we will ever see a lady tryout for a team?
I don't know.  NFL allows female players if they are eligible.
Well that is an interesting fact! If wonder if the NFL donates things to other countries like UNICEF does for every minute you don't use your cellphone?
I don't know.  Talking about cellphones, Actress Hedy Lamar helped to invent the cellphone, GPS and wi-fi.
Oh really? That is awesome! I wonder if that is the reason why Iphones have more computer power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent?
I'm not sure.  Apparently, there is almost no correlation between cell phone connection quality and bars of service.
Oh really? I wonder if that helps pick up radio frequencies though from Jupiter's radio storms?
I do not think so.  I think they are two different technologies.
I guess you're right! Have you ever listened to a radio drama?
No, I would like to the next time I drive long distance. I just found out that one of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist.  It baffles me.
How would you ever know who was talking lol.
I know, right?  Apparently, there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music.
I wonder how that sounds? I'm going to look into it haha. It was great chatting, have a great night!
Have you heard of Kevin Sheehan before?
I have. I believe he was a sports radio personality?
He is, he hosts a show with a former Redskins player, I bet the show is pretty good.
I think I did hear about that. Is the Redskins player Chris Cooley?
Yeah he used to be a tight end, its amazing how we can hear others through the radio
Radios are fascinating. Jupiter has radio storms strong enough that you can hear them on an AM radio. 
Really? I wonder what frequency is that, there is a website were you can listen to free radio dramas
I wonder if those are as entertaining now as they were then? I'm amazed at how primitive you can devise a radio. WWII soldiers were able to make them with a razorblade and a pencil. 
That skill was definitely handy back in WWII, theres also a radio station in latin.
I had heard that there was a weekly Latin broadcast and I wondered why. It's a dead language so who is that audience?
I guess some people like latin, it would be interesting to understand it though.
It would. I would imagine a lot of older transcripts would be interesting to read. Are you an NFL fan by any chance?
I  am a fan, it strange how a game averages only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
I'm not surprised. I always knew they were way too long for the amount of actual content. Did you know that they have no written rule against female players?
I  didnt know that although I can see why its not a written rule, are you watching the Super bowl on Sunday?
I am but I'm not happy about it. I'm so tired of seeing the Patriots in the Super bowl. It's super boring at this point. How about yourself?
I am a Patriots fan so no problem there lol, whats your favorite team?
The Bears who made it to the playoffs for the first time in forever and then a field goal ended it. Upsetting. Did you know that players have chips in their should pads to record their every move?
No I didnt, I thought only the footballs had those chips, its interesting to know players do too.
The footballs have the chips to which makes me wonder why they don't use those to make calls rather than just relying on replays?
Yeah like in soccer or in tennis, they use the chips to make important calls.
Hi do you listen to the radio?
Yes I do. You? It's amazing how radio waves can produce such crisp sound!
Yes! lol  According to Canadian law, all radios there must play at least 40 percent Canadian artists.
Whoa that is a strict rule. Do you know Bing Crosby? He sounds very popular in the late 1940's!
I do know him.  Jupiter has radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up on AM radio.  That would be neat to hear I think.
Yes I would like to hear that one time. One of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s thirties was a ventriloquist.
I didn't know that.  How interesting!  Soldiers in WW2 made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios!
Very innovative indeed. Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the 1970s fantastic four radio show.
I didn't know that!  How interesting!
Yes isn't it? Remember that song MMmmbop by Hanson? They were once the most requested track on an alt rock Chicago station because the dj didn't say the title of the artist!
Hahah That's awesome!  I'm going to have mmmbop in my head now the rest of the night.
Haha sorry about that but it is a catchy song! Sometimes I forget to turn the radio down when I am on the phone. Dolphins can even communicate over telephone!
There is a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free!  I wish I know the name of it.
Yes I would consider checking that out. Do you think it works on the iphone? I love my iphone and it's hard to think back on the old dial phones. It was invented by an undertaker!
I didn't know that!  I remember the old rotary phones from when I was a kid.  I can't believe how far phones have come since then.
Yes it truly is amazing. Apparently a 1930's actress Hedy Lamarr helped to invent the cellphone, wi-fi, and GPS!
I had no idea!  An iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear icbm deterrent!
Whoa that is a lot of power in our pocket! Did you know there is no correlation between cell phone connectivity quality and "bars" of service.
I had no idea!  New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone!  I had a good time chatting with you!
Interesting. Must not matter much anymore. There is even a luxury phone maker that hires the london symphony to record exclusive ringtones. Great chatting with you too, goodnight!
That is neat!  Have a good night too!
Hello, do you like Football?
I do like Football.  Do you?  I've heard that it's been a category on Jeopardy before!
I do, but I don't follow it very much, and I heard about that Jeopardy show and the NFL based knowledge, I would never pass that one haha!
It could be hard.  I'm not sure I could get ones where they ask about specific plays.
Right? I wouldn't either. I guess during that episode Alex Trebek was considered the entertainment on that show hahaa, There were some pretty funny answers.
He is pretty good. I mean, Aaron Rodgers considers him the greatest of all time of game show hosts.
He is! I like him a lot. I think he knows everything about the NFL Football after being the host for so many years! Football seems so slow! An entire game only has about 11 minutes of actual live play!
Wow! That must mean a lot of commercials and penalties go on during a game!  Football has been around a long time though. The first playoff was in 1932.
Wow, that is a long time! But football is loved by many! I didn't know that Football players don't really make as much money as you would think, an engineer makes more in a lifetime than an NFL player!
I guess that means that Matt Patricia likes the game then more than money considering he was an aeronautical engineer before becoming a coach.
What? That's amazing! He must love the game a lot! Even back in the 60's pro bowlers made more than top football players! Twice as much....
That is so bizarre to think that bowlers make more than football players!  Especially with the Superbowl coming up on the first Sunday in February!
I know, it blows my mind! The game has been a favorite of sports fans forever. The superbowl is the best, I do watch that for sure! Those players are like animals on the field when it comes to the Superbowl!
I have to admit I do like watching the best of the nfc and afc compete against each other!  Speaking of animals, did you know there is a lawyer in Switzerland that represents them in court?
Represents animals? I guess since there are 20 quintillion animals out there this lawyer has his work cut out for him!
I bet he does at that!  I wonder if he would need a translator for some.  Some animals from distant areas speak different dialects or languages.
True, lol....I guess some animals are protected already like the loch ness monster. I guess Germany was the 1st to give animals guaranteed legal rights. That is so interesting!
That is interesting!  Have you heard about the netherlands building natural bridges for wildlife so they won't get hit by cars on the roads?
No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!
It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!
I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.
They do indeed.  I like that they have their own scientific kingdom called Animalia.
Haha did you watch the Jeopardy episode with the NFL category? It was on recently
I did not, it must have been funny though, what happened during it?
Apparently they were reading a lot of Clues but no one on the panel even buzzed in because they had no idea what the answers were lol
I bet not, it's a pretty niche subject to know all that knowledge. They've got more important things to learn lol. That does suck about Alex Trebek though.
Yes I agree his diagnosis was sad. Speaking of the NFL, do you watch the games a lot? I only watch important games like the superbowl myself
For sure, hope he can have a peaceful rest of his life. I watch a few, there's only 11 minutes a game of actual play, I wonder how they calculated that stat.
Yeah game seem so much longer than that, it must be the commercials though. What do you think about the fact that engineers make more in their lifetime than the average NFL or MLB player?
That's pretty crazy, I could see that though. It's the long game for the engineers, it's a lot more stable of a job. 
Haha yes I think you're right. But I don't like them it's how the Saints treat their cheerleaders, I think that a cheerleader should not have to leave the restaurant if a player is already there, that seems very sexist
For sure, people should be able to go eat where they want, I don't like how they can tell the cheerleaders what to do or what not to do. You a big animal person?
yes I love dogs! and its crazy to me that there are a total of 20 quintillion animals on earth but im sure most are bugs haha
For sure, that's a ton of organisms. I love dogs too, they are so awesome. Do you have a dog?
Yes we have a husky actually and she's super awesome! It's crazy that Germany is the first country to give animals constitutional rights, I wonder what those are
That's awesome, I love Husky's! Animals should definitely have rights, my dog is awesome too! He's an Australian Shepard Terrier mix, I love him.
That's great what's his name! What's interesting to me is that animals will apparently develop a white patch on their forehead if they are domesticated, I wonder why
His name is Rogue, what about yours? That's interesting about the white patch, I'd be curious to dig deeper into that!
Yes her name is Tetra! And she's very cute haha. What do you think about the fact that hiccups are actually and evolutionary thing that are relics of when land animals had lungs and gills?
That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.
Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol
That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!
Yep animals are awesome! It's so funny to that they can be millions of a meter to multiple meters long lol I love animals of all shapes and sizes
Good morning! How are you?
I am great. How are you doing this morning? You good?
All good on my end! Do you like watching football?
I sometimes watch football. You?
I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?
I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.
It really is! Maybe that's why they get paid the big bucks these days, unlike in the 60s.
the 60s were not a great time for players. i dont think they had a union, and the league revenue was pretty low.
I agree, even bowlers made double what they made!
The bowlers were living in a golden age. never again will they see that kind of money and attention. LOL
I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?
I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.
I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?
I heard that. i guess they were the first to create superimposed graphics. now they are everywhere.
I agree that is crazy! I think the University of Iowa should get one for their pink locker rooms!
Yeah, the pink locker room. does that trick even work? I wonder. if it did, everyone would do it.
I doubt it, because the hawkeyes don't do so well at home haha.
That makes sense. can they make the locker room even more pink?LOL
Maybe a splash of hot pink will do the trick! Anyways, great chatting with you!
I had fun chatting too! 
Have a great day!
Do you like football?
Hello there, yeah I am a fan, but mostly of my local team.  How about you?
Not too much but I enjoy the parties that come with watching those games

Yeah football parties are usually fun, especially super bowl parties. 
Did you know that the NFL does not have any rules about which gender can participate in the game?

Yeah I think that would be so cool if a female player made a pro roster. 
Yeah that would. I hear that they do not make that much money though, except for the popular players of course

Yeah I guess bowlers back in the 60
Strange fact, new orleans cheerleaders are not allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the nfl players

That is strange, you figure rules like that are phased out by now, but I guess not. 
Yeah, go figure. And they seem to really need to know a lot about their players considering they user tracking chips inside their shoulder pads.

Yeah I think they put them in helmets for measuring impact of hits to make things safer as well. 
Very interesting with all this technology nowadays. How about other types of football, like soccer, do you watch it at all?
Yeah that is probably my favorite, but I only really follow the english and european leagues. How about you?
Yeah me too, I am a fan of soccer especially around the world cup. Do you have a favorite team?
Yeah the world cup is always a blast to watch.  I follow Liverpool from england, how about yourself?
Nice. I have been a fan of Real Madrid for a long time. 
Ok you have seen a lot of success recently.  You beat us in the final last season specifically, I hope we can see you there again. 
hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?
Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?
Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals
Yeah it is crazy to think of that.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
Hello, how are you today?
I'm doing well, thanks!! How about you?
Doing great. Did you know that Iowa has painted their opponents locker room pink?
No I didn't. Do you happen to know the reason why?
Just guessing that pink would make the players calmer, less aggressive. I think I would retaliate by shutting of Iowas hot water.
Ha Ha!!! Thanks. Do you follow soccer at all these days?
No, I don't follow soccer. Do you?
Yes I do and in fact I recently read somewhere that D.C. United have a stadium called Audie Field and according to their officials it will welcome more than just MLS matches.
I do know that soccer is the most popular game in the world. What makes it so exciting?
It is a game that has been around for a very long time. It is played from what I heard by 250 million players in over 200 countries in the world.
Do you have a favorite team?
I do. I'm a big Liverpool fan but also like Juventus, Barcelona and the New England Revolution.
Are they all in the same league?
No the teams that I mentioned are in different leagues and in different countries.
With all those different leagues how do they determine who are the world champions?
Each country has a league and from there it gets determined by their position in the rankings if they making to the Champions League in Europe or not. 
So the Champions League determines the overall champion?
Correct and that is just in Europe!!! Here in the US it works differently. I read somewhere that soccer players run on average 7 miles per game. 
That's a lot, and I know there's a lot of real action, whereas football only has 11 minutes of live action in a game.
Wow!!! I didn't know this. I also recently read that the Super Bowl is smaller than soccer's 3rd biggest event.
And I didn't know that. Thanks for taking the time to enlighten me somewhat about soccer.
It was my pleasure. I love soccer and I have been watching it since I was a kid. It was great chatting with you today!!!
Thanks, and you have a nice day.
Do you follow the NFL?
Hello,  no I do not follow the NFL really.  Do you?  I recently learned that snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his sons high school team lol 
Not really, I prefer soccer but football is an interesting game as well, interesting fact but in the 60s top bowlers made more money than football players.
That is pretty crazy considering that the football players are more prone to injuries lol I guess it was good to be a bowler back then!
I agree and theres also all that brain damage, I think its a risky sport but now you will earn a lot of money for doing so. 
Yeah football players do make a ridiculous amount of money!  
I agree especially players like Benjarvus Green Ellis, the guy never fumbled the ball in his entire carreer, that is an awesome stat to hold.
that is really impressive!  I wonder why that guy isnt more known lol There is a rocket scientist that was a football coach,  Matt Patricia. 
Wow I bet he was a pretty good coach, expensive to hire as well.
Yeah.  I bet it was worth it though!  
Yeah I agree, so do you also like soccer? its a sport that moves a lot of money
I have watched soccer on occassion,  but I do not keep up with it.  Do like soccer?
I do like soccer, there is a German player that donated his winning bonus to 23 Brazilian children
Wow that is amazing! 
Yeah he has a big heart for sure, not many players would do that even dough they make a lot of money, interesting fact but soccer makes more money than almost every other sport combined
Wow that is awesome!  Good they are making good money,  seems like they get injured a lot also. 
Yeah in soccer injuries are quite common, there are over 250 million players so imagine how  many broken legs that figure represents.
Yikes,  Id rather not thanks lol I hear soccer players run an average of 7 miles per game!  
That is a long distance, 7 miles per game,  it must be really exhausting.
I recently learned that Greenland cant join FIFA because there's not enough grass there lol can't they use fake grass?
I agree lol, with all the tech they could definetly install a soccer court with fake grass, some pro teams have them, 
do you watch football?
Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once
Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day
Make sense right? Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Hmm I am not so sure, it is a big difference?
It sure is, 222-0 Georgia Tech versus Cumberland
WOw that a score. Did you know more than half of major stadiums are in the US?
Really? Wow. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
I did not. What did they win it for?
For the superimposed yellow line. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Did not know that. They are using chips to track the players in the field
Nice. WHat are they tracking, anything specific?
Yes they track for velocity and rotation and balls speed and a bunch of stuff
Nice I wonder if that can be used in any way to make the game safer
Good point. Did you know a coach used to be a rocket scientist?
REally that is a huge jump in career who is that?
That is Matt Patricia and you are right about the career jump for sure
Yeah. Do you like association football?
I do like it. Do you know players run 7 miles per game?
That is a lot of miles, wow
Are you a NFL fan?
I am. I like the Steelers
Who are you going for in Super Bowl?
Any team other than New England. I do prefer the Eagles though.
Though I'm glad the playoffs are here, I'm sad the season is coming to an end.
It will make Sundays a little more boring without football to watch.
I hope to see a woman player in the NFL soon, maybe as a kicker at least.
That would be interesting. 
I just hate the fact the actual live gameplay is so short.
I do too. It is actually ridiculous that it is only 11 minutes. There are too many commercials.
With as many commercials, you would think the players would be paid better than engineers.
Most people think that they are paid these huge salaries, so they won't have to worry about their futures, but most cannot play for too long, so yes an engineer can make more money. 
Maybe the endorsements help to make up the gap for some of the more recognizable players.
Most likely. They probably make more over their lifetimes in endorsements than just from salary alone.
Did you know the Saints cheerleaders have to leave the restaurant if players come in
I just learned that. I don't get that. That is the dumbest thing in the world. I have no idea what the reason for that is. Maybe the football players shouldn't be permitted to eat at the restaurant if the cheerleaders were there first.
Makes the league and team look hypocritical of women
Absolutely. Talk about degrading as well. But they also use tracking chips in shoulder pads to record every player move on a field, so the league has some issues.
I wonder what kind of stats are collected and they are used
I couldn't imagine. They can just rewatch games to see what had happened. They don't need chips. Very creepy.
Go Patriots!
Hi, how are you this morning?
Great! Hope you're doing well! So do you follow association football aka soccer? Hard to believe it makes more money than golf, tennis, football, basketball, baseball and hockey combined!
I watch a little soccer.  I didn't realize it made so much money.
It's crazy, isn't it? I guess that's why Mesut Ozil donated his entire world cup victory bonus to pay for the surgery of 23 children in Brazil. Must have been pocket change considering!
I guess if you take into consideration it's played by 250 million people worldwide in over 200 countries, it is alot of money.  That was such a great act that Mesut did for those kids.  Kudos to him.
Agreed! Hopefully others follow in his footsteps. So do you follow regular football aka gridiron ball like the NFL? I do and always wondered why there are no females when the NFL has no rules against them joining as long as they meet the requirements!
I watch a little football.  I've wondered myself about the females, as well.
I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live game play anyway. So you'd think at least one or two would have been drafted or picked up by a team, right?
True, that's alot of standing around time on the sidelines, for sure.  You would think at least a kicker would be a female.
Agreed. Maybe they'd rather enter engineering since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL/MLB player. It'd be a much wiser decision, I suppose!
That's so true.  I find it interesting that the top bowlers in the 1960s made twice as much as the top football stars.  That's wild.
No kidding! What's even wilder (or sadder actually) is knowing Saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as Saints players and if one walks in after, they have to leave. That is just wrong!
I know.  I'd like to know the incident that prompted that rule.  I bet it's very juicy.
Exactly. I wonder what happened! Still that could classify as discrimination in this day and age, I suppose. But is that truly as bad as Georgia Tech once beating a team 222-0? Ha! The highest score ever in the game of football!
Yeah, I think that game was played way back in 1916, nowadays that just doesn't happen, anymore.  Look at the recent superbowl, lowest scoring superbowl game ever.
So true! But when you have players in the league like Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbling the ball, I can see why!
That's a pretty awesome feat for him to accomplish.  Imagine the pressure of never fumbling the ball.  It would be too much for me.
Same here. I'd probably fumble as soon as it's handed to me. Ha! Wonder what his mindset would be if he was forced to visit the visitor's lockerroom at Iowa before a game, where the massage pink? Talk about demeaning! That's crazy!
An all pink locker room would be very intimidating for any visiting team, for sure.  Getting back to soccer, I was shocked to learn that Jon Stewart was a skilled soccer player.
Wow! That is shocking! I tell you what surprised me was learning there is actually a soccer variation where 3 teams face each other at the exact same time! It's like, how does that happen?
That's pretty wild, I'd like to watch a game of that being played.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning.  I need to get to work, I'll talk to you later, friend.
Hi. Do you like sports?
Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.
Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?
Is that high school football? Can't say I have watched that, at least not since I was in high school. Sometimes I watch Canadian football which is a little different then NFL.
That is high school football and Winston Churchill High hired a former NFL corner back to lead the football team there.
Oh right. Now that you mention it I think I did see something about this on ESPN. Willie Williams is running the team right?
That is correct. They also hired Chris Samuels and he played offensive tackle for the Redskins.
It's interesting these guys want to coach high school football after being pros. You'd think they would have made more then enough money in the NFL to set them for life.
I think that they did it to give back to the community because they did make their money in the NFL and this is a way for the them to give back.
That's probably right. Then again maybe playing in the NFL doesn't set you for life. Association football players (soccer) make more money.
Way back in the 60s the best football players made less than the top bowlers at that time.
That's crazy. I wonder if back then there was more action in NFL games? Don't get me wrong I enjoy it but the average game has just 11 minutes of actual game play.
That was insane indeed. I didn't know that but going back to your previous point soccer players make more money than any other sport out there.
Since they make more money they can be more generous Mesuit Ozil donated his 300 000 euro world cup bonus to pay for children's surgeries. I've never heard of an NFL player donating his super bowl bonus.
Neither do I. That was a very generous donation by Mesut Ozil and he is a fantastic soccer player is he German?
Yes. The surgeries for for children in Brazil. The host country of that world cup. Such a nice story.
This is truly inspiring. 
It's funny that we even call association football soccer here. Did you know "soccer" is a slang term? That's how it originally caught on.
I didn't know that soccer is slang term and its kind of weird that is called association football here.
Almost as weird as 3 team soccer have you seen that before? All 3 teams play at once!
That is crazy. I'm not sure what the actual rules for this type of game are. 
I only saw it once and it was really hard to follow. Anyways I've got to get going.
Me too. Thanks for chatting with me today. Have a nice day.
Bye
Bye
Hey are you going to watch the XFL? And have you ever been to Audi field
I do plan on watching the XFL! I Think it will be interesting to see how the XFL and DC United share the Southwest DC facility in 2020 considering how football will take a harder toll on the grass there. What about you?
Yeah I'm looking forward to the XFL actually. I also miss the days before football stadiums were named after corporate sponsors LOL like Audi field
So true! Ha! Are you also a fan of the NFL? To this day, I'm surprised no female players have been signed considering there are no rules against women playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements.
I think we'll see a female NFL player someday, I just wish they would fix the issue with only having 11 minutes of live gameplay per game, that seems so boring to me
So true. I mean, if they can create chips that tracks players movements and ball location/speed/velocity/rotation, they can extent the live gameplay time. It's ridiculous, Isn't it?
That is ridiculous, I'm not sure why they would want to know the rotation of the ball, but I can understand why they want to know a player's speed and location
You're right. But then again, engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players so maybe it's easier engineers to create these chips than it is for NFL officials to adjust the gameplay time. 
Yeah that is shocking. Because you think they would make so much money. Do you ever watch soccer by the way, also known as association football
I do, actually.  What about you? I still can't believe it makes more money than the six other major sports combined!
Yeah I never watch it I think it's really boring, but it is shocking that it makes more than even American football, have you ever seen the variation where three soccer teams are playing all at once
No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?
Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?
I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!
Yes that sounds awesome, he donated over 300,000 Euros to do that too and he didn't even have to, what a nice guy
Agreed. On a similar soccer note, did you know John Stewart was a great soccer player in college. He also represented the US in Brazil at the Pan American Maccabi games back in 83!
That's very impressive! I never knew that he played, what do you think about regular football AKA American football
I do enjoy football in general. In fact, Benjarvus Green-Ellis was one of my favorite players because he never fumbled the football in his entire pro career, which is amazing!
I agree it is amazing! They should pay him a lot of money! What do you think about uspn winning an Emmy for creating the yellow line that shows during TV broadcasts of football games
They truly deserved it. The yellow line is so innovative and I don't think I can watch a game without it. We talked about engineers getting paid more earlier, but can you believe the top bowlers made more than the top football players back in the 60s? That's so sad and disappointing considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is.
Yes I think bowling is much easier than becoming a professional football player LOL. What do you think about University of Iowa painting their locker rooms completely pink
Hi, do you watch football
Yes, I watch football sometimes but I'm more of a basketball fan. How about you ?
I also watch basketball, and it is one of my favorite sports.
im actually watching the lakers vs warriors right now 
Me too.  Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron
im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha 
whatever.  Btw, do you watch football games this season
no havent watched any, did you know Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined.?
I think it makes sense to me because soccer is the most popular sport i the world.  
Im not a soccer fan so im not to sure what they make 
I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player.  But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball.  That is just my opinion
Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time. 
I never heard of such thing.  How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing.  Hahaha
Im sure that would cause a lot of confusion on the field ! 
Both to the players and the viewers.  Did you know that Jon Stewart was a skilled soccer player in college and in for the US in the Pan American Maccabi games?
I had no idea, Im a huge jon stewart fan, speaking of football In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
I am very surprised that a top bowler made more than a top football player.  What happened to the sport of bowling?  Bowling popularity has drastically decreased
I love bowling, i play all the time. Tried taking my little brother he said it was "boring" and that "fortnite" was more fun.
I agree with your brother there.  But we have different hobbies and interests, right?
agreed, as long as everyone tries different things with an open mind then thats all we can ask for
Your Warrior will go down today, hahaha. Btw, nice chatting with you. Enjoy the game
Thank you. We will come back stronger !
I have a friend who is considering engineering, and I should tell her that she'll make more in her lifetime than the average NFL or MLB player
It is true, sometimes it really does pay to be smart
Of course, if she worked hard enough to meet the eligibility requirements, she could technically join the NFL
Ive never heard of a female player in the NFL, but plenty who play "association football" or soccer as most people say it.
Soccer was actually a slang term that Americans use. But it's slang for the official name
It is a wildly popular sport.  The super bowl, is smaller than soccer's third biggest event.
That's not surprising considering over 200 countries play the sport
The only country that definitely cant join is greenland.  Not enough grass grows there for a soccer field.  
Even without their involvement, soccer still makes more money than the other popular sports combined
It does, and it has some major activists too.  There was an Ivory Coast player who single handedly stopped a civil war.
That's impressive. A German player paid for surgeries for children in Brazil using his World Cup victory bonus
So many players have contributed so positively to society.  That is one thing I really like about the soccer community.  
Jon Stewart was part of that community during his college days and played at the Pan American Maccabi Games
I didnt know that.  Thats pretty cool.  Snoop Dog actually wrote his son's high school fight song
I wonder if they still use that every year. It still doesn't get used as much as the superimposed yellow first down line that ESPN created for American football. They even have an Emmy for that invention 
I know, that is an important one.  My mother was surprised it wasnt there when she watched my brother play live in high school.
It definitely helps in keeping track of the game. I wonder who had to keep track of the score them Georgia beat Cumberland in 1916. 220 points is a lot!
Wow, how bad must one team be to not score, AND get that many points scored on them.  I wonder how many turnovers there were in that game.
Too many! It's still the highest score to occur in a football game
14 of the 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams.
I wonder if players from those teams who get drafted to the NFL are used to the atmosphere of large stadiums
Hi, do you like soccer?
I think I know a bit more about American football. I know in the NFL there are 32 teams that make up the league.
That is true. Do you have a favorite team?
I do. I am a Packers fan. A lot of football players have done really great though! Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
I heard there is not a rule against woman playing football. Seems accurate... by the way i'm a bears fan!
Oh, that's funny! Hard to believe the average lifetime salary of an engineer is more than an average NFL player.
Agreed. The Saints cheerleaders have to leave any restaurant a player walks into. Seems sexist.
Seems sexist to me!! Did you know the NFL uses tracking devices?
What kind of tracking devices?
They use chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field.
I like to embed chips in my belly, especially doritos! Soccer makes more than football though so I will push my kids that way.
I did not know that soccer players make more!  I know Americans call it soccer because it is slang for association football.
have you ever seen the game with 3 teams playing? I haven't but wonder how that would work.
Which sport are we talking about? Football or soccer?
Soccer, sorry! WOuld it be on a triangle field?
I seriously wonder?! Did you know former NFL'er Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his career?
That's imppressive since he played for 2 teams over 6 years. And one was the patriots! He would have been benched if he did fumble!
I would say so. Hard to believe, but the top bowlers in the 1960's made 2x as much as top FB stars.
The highest score in a football game happened in 1916, 222-0!!!!
Wow! That is a big score! Who were the teams?
Georgia Tech and Cumberland! Nice chatting with you!
How's it going? Did you know football is a family of sports involving kicking a ball to score?
Yes, and there are many types of football across the world!
Yea, there's even Canadian and Australian rules football!
And dont forget soccer, which is also known as association football.
Yea, football is also pretty popular college sport, in 1916 Georgia Tech won a game scoring 222 points!
That seems a bit much.  They probably should not have run the score of that high.
Maybe Georigia Tech really dislike Cumberland
Maybe.  ESPN won an emmy for the yellow 1st down line on football games.  It is hard to imagine watching a game now without that line
Yea, the superimposed yellow firstdown marker is a godsend
I sometimes forget the players themselves cant actually see the line when they are playing
It's pretty crazy how many injures football has when there is only an average of 11 min of live gameplays
Yes, well players are getting stronger and faster all the time, with that comes injuries.
Yea, must be one of the reasons why the nfl embeds tracking chips into the players' equipment
Well, a 17 week regular season, plus lenghty playoffs can lead to a lot of injuries due to wear and tear
Yea, the game is so grueling I wonder if there will ever be a female player despite being no rules banning it
As long as she meets the requirements, it is possible
I suppose so but there still needs some changes to be made like having the Saints get rid of the rule requiring cheerleaders not to be in the same places as the players
Yeah, they have to leave the table if players show up at the restaurant.  I guess they do not want any hanky panky with the players
The saints rule sound antiquated and sexist to me, they're all adults
I agree, I just think they might want to avoid any legal problems so they are being overly cautious.  
Well I have to go, nice chatting with you
do you like soccer?
Yes I do. DO you know how many people in the world play it/.
Yes around 250 million of us in 200 countries
Yeah. There was a team once who scored a goal to their own to advance further
Wow. THe sport makes more than some other sports combined
Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country
WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player
Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there
Yes he represented the US in the panamerican games in Brazil
Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?
Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport
Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?
Really, why is that?

because they do not have enough grass for a soccer field. Did you know SNoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?
Wow. Do you like the nfl?
I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?
Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I wonder if it is supposed to have some impact on the other team
I wonder too. Doid you know ESPN won an EMmy once?
Did not know that. WHat did they win it for?
The superimposed yellow line. It was nice chatting with you.
Hello there, are you a big fan of football?
No, especially high school football.  I find really boring.  You?
Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.  
I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns
Yeah I wouldn't want my kids to play football.  Did you see the movie Concussion?
The Will Smith movie?  Yes I thought it was good.  Have you ever heard of this coach Willie Williams?  great name
Yeah that one, I think if people watch it, they have second thoughts about how damaging the sport can be.  And no, I haven't heard of him but I agree what a name. 
I agree about the movie.  I expect there will be a lot of changes in the coming years.  I get a kick out of the fact that in the 60's bowlers made twice as much as football stars.  How things have changed!
Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!
Sure would be a lot easier physically than football.  Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down?  I wonder what year that was
Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened.  I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember. 
I'm sure it was innovative and useful, but winning an emmy for that seems a bit much.
Yeah it does but I don't know too much about all the categories.  Do you know what the highest score game of football ever was?
In 1916, 222-0.  That must have been one boring game.  I would assume the rules were a bit different in 1916
Yeah good call. I agree, it sounds like there would be a touchdown on every play.  The defense must have just stood there. 
Did you see that an average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?  This would be part of why I find it boring I think.
Yeah you can't tell as much on tv, but I know when you go to games and watch live, there are so many breaks and stopages 
I had no idea the NFL uses tracking chips on its players to record every move on the field.  Very high  tech
Yeah I think they use tracking stuff a lot more.  I know they have in helmets as well, hopefully tracking hits to the head. 
Hopefully.  The last line on my article says there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.  That might actually be fun to watch!
That would be pretty wild for sure.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
Hello! I hope today we can have a good discussion about football and religion, and how in some cases they have merged.
I think Brady is looking for a way to stay relevant and this spirituality through football is a bit ridiculous. 
Honestly, same. When Daniel Wann said "sports might bring people together better than religion" I honestly scoffed at how absurd that statement is.
If anything I think that the idea of sports tends to make people more divisive. It is crazy how bitter and competitive people get about teams. 
Same, if I would agree with anyone from these articles I would agree with Bob Ryan because he's skeptical about it - as he should be!
I wonder if people would be as apt to follow brady if he was losing more than he was winning. 
I doubt it, which is funny seeing as when it's about religion, people will follow through almost anything.
I wonder if he is setting it up to have some sort of cult or MLM stuff once he is finally too old play anymore. 
To be honest that would be pretty cool. I enjoy learning about cults, they're interesting. I was surprised when I read the NFL has no rule against female players!
That sure is suprising considering how male dominated the sport is. 
Honestly, yeah. Did you see about girls being allowed into Boy Scouts? Gets me pretty riled up lol. Did you see that it used to be required to read from a bible in the U.S?
I know that it was commonly used as reading curriculum. It was an easily accessible book and quite a challenging read. 
I wish they still had classes in high school at least! Not forced, but optional.. Did you read that Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely pink??? That cracked me up. 
That does seem like something Iowa would do. They are quite into razzing other players from opposite teams. 
Really? I don't know much about them honestly... What do you know?
There is a huge rivalry between the two teams from the main Iowa colleges. Either you are a hawkeye fan or an UN of I fan. They are as bad as packers and vikings fans
Ahh... It's like that down here in Alabama!! Did you see the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live game-play?
The rest of the time must be spent on huddles and waiting for the snap. I wonder if other forms of football have more action time. 
Yeah, that seems kinda silly to me to waste all that time..
It really does. I wonder if there was more time to the cumberland game where they set the high score record. 
What was that all about? The cumberland game?
Cumberland completely whupped Georgia back at the beginning of the century. It was 222-0. I mean at some point you just need to give up. 
D a n g that's crazy. Well thanks for the great conversation!
Yes it was a nice chat.
Do you like Football and Avocado Ice cream? Well not together or in that order but Avocado Ice cream is a good with almonds. It's also  of Bradys things. He is amazing. 
Ah. The renowned Tom Brady. Did you know that to Tom Brady, football has become a religion? I was very fascinated by that!
He truly is amazing, Yes, I heard something about that. He has become more spiritual and even has some best selling book called "athletes bible" He is on a spiritual quest.
Well if he looks to football as a religion, I am not very surprised. According to Chris Beneke, football fans also have a near-religious devotion to the sport. I guess it is not just Tom Brady.
Thats interesting! Im actually going to check out the series Tom VS Time - He is interested in finding the why's of life. 
Speaking of football, I recently learned that the locker room for visiting football teams in the University of Iowa is painted pink. Imagine that!
That hilarious to see the visiting teams face when they see that locker room haha!
I agree, it must be demoralizing to walk into a room painted pink!
I think everyone should wear pink! but i can see from a "macho" stand point thinking pink is "offensive" its mostly as a joke, Speaking of schools Georgia tech had the highest score recorded ever 222-0 when they defeated cumberland
We cannot talk about football without mentioning the NFL. Did you know that average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay? Only 11 minutes of the broadcast is actual running around!
I couldn't believe it when I found out about that, had no idea and how about that superimposed yellow line? Someone won an Emmy for that!
That's fascinating! The lifetime earnings of engineers are higher than NFL players. It is probably because NFL players can only play football for so many years.
Thats true! Although Football in other Countries is known as Soccer which Soccer pays way more than MLB and NFL and there are so many variations of football which as known as football codes
Yes, in Australia's version of football is rugby football. All of these variations of football is confusing me.
Me too! also makes sense football players dont make as much since a regular season is 17 weeks running from September to December.I should know by now since my father and law and husband are nuts over it 
Continuing off your point, top bowlers in the 1960s made twice as much as football stars! And I thought that professional athletes made a lot.
I know! Thats crazy to think about. I wonder how much Brady makes especially since he has won 6 Superbowls! He is known as a Messiah Figure for a lot of Patriot fans 
And then you remember that Engineers make more than Tom Brady in their lifetimes and if this  was half a century ago, a bowler would make twice as much as Tom Brady!
Yes! at least he doesn't have to worry about it since his mega super model Gisele Bundchen more than doubles his salary. 
The NFL is probably the most gender inclusive sport. They are allowed to play in the NFL if they meet the league's skill requirements.
Indeed, It would be cool to see other females play but honestly I would be scared for my little body with all those big though and rough players... id be happy if they carry me places but not sandwich me in a fast field...nooo but awesome if one of us makes it out there I will sure be cheering!Fun chat! Good night!
I agree, with all of the concussions gained from football it would be a challenge for a female to play it professionally. Good night to you too!
agree, but will keep fingers crossed. Good night, XO
Tom Brady created a new lifestyle routine called the TB12 Method. Basically it includes everything from dieting and personal training to encouragement and lifestyle mantras
I heard about that, it's his book right?
Yes, basically Tom Brady is trying to start a new kind of spiritualism based off of how he sees the game of football. What do you think about it?
I think it's great, whatever works for him to be the best he can be. I also heard he has a documentary series.
yes, the doco series pretty much follows how he came up with this philosophy. It talks about his journey to self discovery
I watched the first two episodes that came out January 25th. It focused on his physical and mental preparation. I thought it was very good.
Oh ok. I have always wondered how much the physical preparation takes a toll on ones mental state over time, especially for professional sports. Do they talk about that in the doco series? 
Yeah they do, it really gives you a different outlook on his life.
Thats cool. Some people have said that Belichick( the coach) doesn't seem to have the same type of charisma and charm that Brady has, even though they may have the same spirit for the game Do you agree with this statement?
I do agree with the statement. Although he might not have the same charisma, fans really do have faith in Belichick. So much they have their own creed "In Bill We Trust".
I agree too, ultimately the coach can make or break a team. Some have complained about the religious devotion to the Patriots that fans often have, but I don't think this is anything new.  Do you think the devotion is well balanced, or a little much in your opinion?
I feel like it's more with the patriots just because of how much they have accomplished. 
Same, I dont really see the same kind of devotion for  a lot of other teams out there in football, there isnt anything quite like it. I feel like its ok to be so devoted to ones team, especially since they are a very good team. I dont know how I feel about it being talked about in church, but to each their own
I don't think so either, it feels a bit much. I agree with the now retired columnist Bob Ryan, he feels like promoting good nutrition and fitness is fine, but don't feel as if Brady is a spiritual figure. 
I wonder if people see him as a spiritual leader because of his great comeback at the Super Bowl, when the Patriots were down 28 to 3 and he brought it back somehow. However, I dont think its really fair to credit just Brady, seeing as it takes a whole team to do that sort of thing.
Same here, it does take a whole team.
For example, the highest score in football was in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated cumberland 222-0. Now thats team work!
Absolutely! Either that or the other team was just really bad. Maybe they intimidated them by painting their locker room pink like university of Iowa did.
Maybe. Of course if they never had a fumble that could help too. RB Benjarvus has never had a fumble in his entire career playing for the Patriots, which seems almost impossible. 
Wow, that does seem impossible. I wonder how much bowlers made in the 1960's, it was more than football players.
Yep, about twice as much. Of course, we have to take into account the word football talks about so many other games other then just American football, such as soccer.
Oh yeah, I didn't think of that.
Yep, football is a game with a lot of meaning and history behind it.
hey would you read a book by Tom Brady? I want to read his new one The TB12 method
I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?
its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record
That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?
ya I think football is ok, I like the big games but don't follow a team or anything, you?
I am. I'm a Bears fan. Were you aware that ESPN won an Emmy for creating the yellow line that marks the first down position? I can't imagine watching a game without that. 
no that was a great inventino! definitely worth it, I also love how a team painted the other sides locker room pink, I wonder if their record improved after that
I had heard about that. What a mind game. Was that the University of Iowa?
haha ya it was, I wonder if they have a player that has never fubmled the ball like benjarvus Green-ellis
I was not aware that a player had never fumbled a ball. That's amazing! I don't recognize the name. What team did he play for?
ya it was the patriots, he's super good, did you know that bowling was super popular in the 60s?
I did not. I remember it being more popular than it is now but I did not know that it was actually popular. 
yup they even made twice as much as football players back then, thats nuts!
Wow! That would never happen now. Did you know that there are no written rules against female players in the NFL?
no thats interesting, I think we coul dhave a female kicker or something, I just don't know if they could run quick enough, women do have lower muscle mass
I think kicker would be good. I think they could run fast enough. They would still have to pass requirements and with those men being so huge I don't think they would be able to play any other position. 
ya if they cna pass the requirements then I dont see any problems, I jsut know that, for instance, top womens tennis players were beaten by high school students, that is why olympic games separate the mens and womens divisions
I did not know that. Did you know that there are tracking chips in players shoulder pads and in the footballs in the NFL?
ya I did know about that, it can track all kinds of stats like speed, directino, acceleration and rotation, I hope they can use that information to help prevent concussions
I hope so too. I wonder why they are not using that data to help make calls rather than just relying on reviews?
ya I agree, I think refs should be more impartial and use the chips to track that stuff, what do you think about the bible btw?
I do not have any real opinion one or another. I see good and bad in it. 
Do you like football? I'm not a huge Tom Brady fan, but apparently following him is like a religion for some people.
It seems that way now. DId you know he is a book author as well now?
Yeah, and he calls it "The Athlete's Bible". I feel like that's offensive to the Bible.
It might just be. And have you heard about that documentary series, Tom vs Time?
Yeah. It looks like he takes football really serious, so much so that it's spiritual for him.
Seems that way, his religion he said. Did you know women can play in the NFL
That's pretty cool, but it's a pretty sexist organization so I'm not sure how enjoyable it would be to be in the league. If you're a Saints cheerleader, you have to leave the restaurant if a player comes into where you're eating.
That rule is outdated and really needs to go now. So strange. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players?
Yeah, technology has grown in the game quite a but. ESPN won an Emmy for that little yellow, first down line.
Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier
Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?
That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yeah, it was 222 during a college game in 1916.
Yeah Georgia Tech really went all out on theta game against Cumberland.
Yeah, just like Iowa does for their guests! Their visiting team locker room is painted pink!
I wonder why that is. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
Only that it used to be required for students to read in school before 1963, which is nuts to think about.
Yes it is and I am glad that is not the case anymore. It is still one of the most influential books in history though
Not influential enough for Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams; neither of them used a bible for their swearing in.
Good point. And also Jefferson created his own version because he did not like the supernatural stuff in it
That's silly to carve out the stuff about miracles and resurrections... It relates to the story, ultimately. They must've included it for a reason.
hi there, do you watch the NFL?
I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?
I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?
The guys is awesome and now also a book author. Did you hear about that?
Oh yeah I heard he wrote that book The TB12 Method, the Athelete's Bible but have not read it yet
He is everywhere. I want to read that book but I also want to watch the documentary too
Same here. Do you know he has a favorite ice cream flavor?
Oh sure it is avocado and I am not surprised he eats very healthy all the time
Yup pretty much. Did you know women are allowed to play in the NFL?
That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon
Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?
Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that
That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.
Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others
Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career
Yup pretty much. DO you know the highest score recorded in a college football game?
Yup that was quite something, 222-0 with Georgia Tech beating Cumberland
Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?
It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it
Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?
I know what Jefferson created his own version of it without the supernatural parts
Yeah he did and Roosevelt and Quincy did not use it to swear in
Are you a fan of football?
Yes I am, are you, if you are what is your favorite team?
I am a Bears fan. How about yourself?
I am a pittsburgh steelers fans, the bears did pretty good the past season.
Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?
No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.
I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?
Yes it was 222-0, I wonder what college they played or sounds more like a high school football team.
It was Georgia Tech against Cumberland. How is it even possible to score that many points in one game?
It is possible, because I am also a college football fan more than nfl and now a college team scores almost 80 points in a game if they are laying low rank team.
Wow! I only watch pro football so I was not aware that that happened. Speaking of college football did you hear what the University of Iowa did to the visiting team's locker room?
Yes, painted the guest locker room pink, I guess they trying to say their opponents are girls.
I suppose so. What a strange thing to do. Do you remember the RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
I don't remember him, but I read about he never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
That's right. He played for the Patriots. That's a pretty impressive stat. 
Yes it was, I wonder why no one give the rams any credit during the superbowl, they did played well with an impressive record.
They had a very impressive season. I really thought they were going to go to the Superbowl. Did you also know that ESPN created the yellow line we see on TV that marks the first down? Can you imagine watching a game without that?
No, I can't, but I wonder what they were using at the beginning of football, before espn came up the line.
That's a good question. It seems like it would have been difficult as a viewer regardless. Have you heard that the average amount of live gameplay is 11 minutes?!
I was thinking about that, I can't see how is that possible, divide into four quarters.
Me either. It seems impossible. 
Hi.  Do you watch the NFL?
I love the NFL.  My team is the Buffalo Bills, so I'm not much of a Patriots fan.  You?
I used to an NFL fan, but I live in a city they recent;y abandoned so I'm not into it at all anymore.  I hate the Patriots, though
That makes two of us.  You can't argue with Tom Brady's success, though.  Are you familiar with his TB12 method?
I had never heard of it before. Have you seen the documentary about it?
I haven't, but I'd be curious to watch.  As I understand it, Brady describes the method as his "bible." 
I agree it would be an interesting watch.  I hate him, but I give him credit for still being good this late in his career.  Gotta be something to that method. 
Yep, to be 40 years old and still winning is pretty impressive.  It's crazy the technology that's available these days.  Did you know they put tracking chips in the players uniforms to keep track of them on the field?  
Yeah, that's nuts.  They are using it to track the footballs too.   I wonder what they are going to do with the data?
I wonder if they'll use it like the AAFL is using it (the new league that lets you track the players movements via an app).  That would be an interesting new feature.  Kind of like when they added the yellow first down marker to the telecast.
Yeah, that would be interesting, and would make the game more interactive for the fans.  Maybe that'll help keep them interested since there are only 11 minutes of action in a game
It's crazy to think of that, and compare it to another sport like soccer where there's "action" throughout the entire game.  Although I still much prefer football.  They never score enough in soccer.  There'd be no chance of anyone ever hitting 222 points in a soccer game (which is the record for most points in a football game).

Yeah, soccer is constant but boring beyond belief lol.  I can't imagine a score that high.  You'd think they would have cut off the game at a certain point. 
Yep.  It's impressive how far the league has come.   In the 1960s, bowlers were making more than football players, which would be unheard of today.
Yeah, its changed.  Engineers still earn more in their lives than the average football or MLB player.  Guess I should go back to school lol
Yep.  Of course, you probably wouldn't do much Bible study if you went back for engineering.  They used to incorporate the book as part of regular education, but that stopped in 1963.
Yeah, they could teach Thomas Jefferson's version.  He cut out all the parts he didn't like with a razor
Interesting approach by Mr. Jefferson, although he was sworn in on the Bible.  Only Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were sworn in on something other than the Bible.
I didn't even know that was an option! I also didn't know that Malus means both apple and evil
Learn something new every day.  Perhaps that's how Tom Brady keeps going.  I wouldn't mind if he hung it up and allowed some of the other teams to get a chance at winning one or two Super Bowls.
I agree.  He's 40.  Time to step aside old man!
Hello, are you a fan of the NFL?
I am a pretty big fan.  It's tough that it's over, but at least there is a new AAF league.  What about you?
Yeah I watch it from time to time. Did you know women can play too?
Interesting.  While it might be tough for them to compete physically like that, there isn't a rule against it I guess?  I wonder how the New Orleans Saints would deal with that, because their cheerleaders can't even be in the same restaurant as the players!
I think that rule needs to get out of there. the worst part is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in
I wonder what caused it, but there must have been a time when that fraternization was frowned upon. As much as they invest in these players, maybe it makes sense?  After all they have created chips that track almost every on-field movement, maybe they need one for off-field too?
Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer
Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.
Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?
I'd be really curious to know, what was it?
It was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Wow!  No wonder I never heard of Cumberland before.  Maybe they should have painted their locker room pink like Iowa does now, just to give them any psychological edge.
Yeah that is a good point there. Did you know they are using tracking chips on the players now?
I was aware of that and mentioned it a little earlier.  I guess they need to track everything.  Football players have short careers.  Despite what they make, it's interesting that engineers make more over a career than someone playing in the NFL.
Yeah I think that explains that. On another topic do you know much about the Bible?
I know a fair amount, but I've never been much for memorizing chapter and verse like some people.  I guess I was born a little too late and reading the bible was no longer part of elementary school.
Yeah, interesting that is used to be part of elementary education up until '63. That is pretty late
I am sure President Thomas Jefferson knew it well, but he also made his own Bible.  I guess he didn't agree with what he considered supernatural, and cut all those things out of his version.
Yeah, he certainly did not seem to believe in resurrection and the miracles that are within the Bible
I wonder if he was sworn in using his personal version or the standard one?  Two US presidents, Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams, didn't use a bible when they were sworn in though.
Yeah good point, I bet you he used his own version. Seems the Tower of Babel is likely based in a place that exists now
Any idea where that is located?  Maybe somewhere in the Middle East?
Yes it seems it is located in the modern day Iraq and it is known as the eremenanki
Interesting.  I know that there are things we taken for granted with the Bible as well.  For example, "apple" wasn't in the Bible until it was translated into Latin.
Yeah from the word malus which coincidentally also translated to evil
So Tom Brady wants to equate football with religion?
Yeah, That is quite strange, don't you think ?
Probably as much about promoting his book, The TB12 Method, as anything else.  Nothing like a bit of self promotion.
Yes, but it could have been a book just about training, or nutrition, why mix philosophy in it ? 
Maybe the whole celebrity thing.  People admire you for one, football in this case, and all of a sudden you think you're an expert on everything.
Yeah, you are probably right, but some really like this approach, and see this as an unifying thing for the US. That I think it is too much. 
Isn't there that concept, the God Complex, where you have an inflated opinion of yourself.  Still, he is good at what he does.  I know little about football, but I know Tom Brady is very good.
When they won the Super Bowl when they were down 28 to 3, is nothing short of a miracle. Maybe it started there. 
Good point.  Do you watch much Football?  I come from a city with a comically bad team, it's difficult to get into it when they are that bad.
As long it is not Cumberland when they lost 0-222 to Georgia Tech, it is OK. 
Not a good score to have on your resume.  I think if were on the losing team I'd give up football and take up Bible studies.
Which version, the supernatural-free of Thomas Jefferson, or the old-ones where the apple is not mentioned ?
I once read a book which talked about how the Bible has changed over the years because sometimes they are translations of translations of translations, each time it changed slightly but the number of times made big alterations from the original.
Yeah, it makes you think what is right about the bible, maybe that's why Thomas Jefferson cut all the miraculous parts of the bible. 
I wonder why those two presidents, Roosevelt and Adams didn't use the Bible to wear in?  There would be uproar if someone did that now.
At these time freedom meant freedom, not "you are free to think the way I think", I wonder what they used at the swearing ceremony. 
I'd be curious to see Jefferson's Bible after he finished going at it with a razor?
It was probably a very thick bible with 1-side pages, because if it was 2-sided, he would have cut words on the side of the page.  But it would have still looked strange. 
Maybe if I ever get a copy of "The TB12 Method", I'll use a razor to cut out all the parts that mention football and religion.
There would not much left, but maybe I'll buy it, I have a few pounds to lose. 
I'm going to go and look it up on Amazon, have a good day.  Goodbye.
Did you know Tom Brady has his own bible, the "Athletes Bible"?
no. I hadnt heard that.
There seems to be a sort of spiritual element to the Pat's.  The say "In Bill We Trust," referring to coach Belichick. 
Belichick is good. But I am not a big fan of the Patriots, being I am a packer fan.
Chiefs fan myself... The Pat's player Matthew Slater is actually an evangelist off the field, adding to their spirituality thing. 
They do seem like they have a lot of luck. Maybe its spiritual
Not with the Rams apparently.  Even so, Brady shows no sign of quitting football for now. 
He is slowing down. He isnt what he was
Yeah.  At least the NFL is making way more than pro bowlers now unlike in the 1960's. 
That was bad pay base for players back then
Yep. My alma mater beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916. I'm not sure I'm proud of that. 
I guess tech wanted to make sure they stayed down
The coaches must have hated each other. Speaking of the Pat's, former RB Benjarvus Ellis never fumbled in his NFL career.
I know. Thats Amazing
Yes indeed... I didn't realize that the NFL's average gameplay is only 11 minutes.  That seems way low. 
I had heard that one before
Have you heard that the NFL has no written rule that prohibits women from playing?
Yes. I know.
They would have to get a little religion like students back in 1963.  It wasn't uncommon for them to have to read from the Bible in school.
yes. the Bible is considered the best selling book of all time
Yes and that doesn't count all the free ones.  Thanks for the chat!
Hello, have you heard about Tom Brady's new book, "The TB12 Method"?
Yes, I have.  I have not read about it though.  What is the book about?
Basically, the book is about Tom's plan of action for your life. He talks about joy, good health, and peak performance and those things that play a part in that lifestyle.
Do you like Tom Brady?  I am not his fan but I admire his accomplishment.
I am not that familiar with Brady but I've heard a lot about him in the news lately especially since the Patriots won the Super Bowl.
Do you like football?  Are you familiar with the NFL?
I am somewhat familiar but probably not as much as you are. I would rather go to live games and watch them play.

There are 32 teams within the NFL.  Which one is your favorite team, if any?
I like the Patriots since they are the winners! I just found out the NFL is divided up between the NFC and AFC.
I think they are divided evenly.  Apparently, the NFL has no written rule against women football players.
Yes, how about that? Anyone can play as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements. Did you know that there's only 11 minutes of game play in an average NFL game?
I just found out recently.  I could not believe it. So, what did the players do most of the time then?
Most of the time is actually taken up with calls on plays,  calculating yardage, etc, etc. Also, as a matter of trivia, did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222 to 0?
I heard about it but I do not remember which teams played that particular game.  I would like to know  who won and who lost very badly.
Ok, I can help you out with that. Yes, that was back in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland by 222 points to zero. Wow, what shame that must have brought!
I wonder if Cumberland players were walking around on the field sleeping.  By the way, do you know who came up with the yellow line on the football field?
Yes, that was ESPN who actually won an Emmy for that strategy to superimpose that yellow line on the screen to mark first down. How genius was that?
It was very genius.  I cannot imagine any football field without the yellow line.
Yes, a lot of innovations for football have come out of this century but a lot of drawbacks as well. Did you know that the New Orleans Saint's cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player?  And if they are already dining in a restaurant and an NFL player comes in afterward, the cheerleaders must leave?  I'd say that's a step back !
I do not like that at all.  If the cheerleaders are already at the restaurant, they should be allowed to finish their meal.  I wonder who came up with that odd rule.
Yes, I wonder too. Well, nice chatting with you, have a good one.
Have you read Tom Brady's book?
No I have not, have you?
Nope don't plan to. apparently it's his plan for life. i wonder if other quarterbacks will read it.
I don't it has much to do with quarterbacking.  It's more about his physical and mental awareness and prep.  I don't think it is a football book per se.
Well according to Chopra Tom is after something greater than football. 
Probably a zen type of book, trying to find the meaning of life or some kind of spiritual journey.
Well football is the meaning for him in one statement and in another he requires more. I think i'll just watch him keep playing football, lol!
So do you like the NFL?  My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys in the NFC.  One day they will reach the Super Bowl again.
Mine is still the Green Bay Packers out of the 32 teams.
Nice, I watch those games for over 3 hours yet there is only like 10 minutes of actual gameplay.  But still it's my favorite sport.
I know right, we have to be watching a lot of commercials then. There are going to start putting tracking chips in the players padding.
I think its a good idea, maybe they can help with the concussion issues they have and help quarterbacking by tracking rotation and ball speed etc.
Yeah that a good reason, but i tell you the way technology is going who know what will will see when were old. Do you read the bible?
No, I have read it though.  It is the most best-selling book in existence after all.
Your right 5 billion copies and the most influential of all time. You Thomas Jefferson used a razor to remove all the supernatural as aspects like the resurrection and miracles. 
I did not know that, I do know that Teddy Roosevelt would not swear on a bible to be inaugurated as President.  So it is not required by law apparently.
Yeah i heard that neither did John Quincy Adams. I'm also aware that the tower of babel is probably a real building in modern day Iraq. 
It would make sense, much of the Bible was written in and about that region.
True. the bible is considered to be the inspired word of God.
Who knows maybe in 200 years people will treat Tom Brady's book as reverently as the Bible.  There is even a documentary called "Tom vs Time" made about it,
Hey i'll be long gone my friend but you right who knows. His book could be the center of civilization. nice chatting with you.
Religion and football, do you think they have similarities?
I think if you look hard enough you find similarity in everything. You?
Not really, but I guess I respect Bradys opinion on the matter, he is a great player and takes his job seriously
Yeah apparently Bravado ice cream is a secret of his. You ever had it?
No, but I might start, maybe that will boost my athletic capabilities and I can become a great QB
You never know. As far as religion goes Brady has made football his. 
Well he does breathe football, eat football and sleep football. He has a strong will and determination. His success with the Patriots is proof of that.
I agree you can't take anything away from his accomplishments but the Messiah. 
It does seem exaggerated, but many fans look at him that way, I wonder what are their views on Bill Belichick
I don't know but Brady appears to be on another level. I wonder if it has anything to do with his friend. you know the son of Deepak Chopra. 
I have no clue about that, but I find interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line
I love that line, haha! Hey did you know that Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?
I didnt know that, was it similar to the original one?
I don't know but apparently he cut with a razor all the parts about Miracles, the resurrection and supernatural events.
I wonder why he did that, maybe he didnt agree with that part of the bible,
Well those are the most important parts, kind of weird he should have just bought a non-fiction book instead. 
Yeah seems like a better way, reading a non fiction book and leaving that poor bible alone, if you dont agree with a book you shouldnt take it out on it
Right, to funny! Hey you know there were to presidents that did not use the bible at their swearing in?
No, who were those presidents? I bet they werent religious and also that it cost them votes later
Well it was Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams. I wonder if they used anything else or just made a promise to do right by the constitution.
That is an interesting thing to google, 
Hi, how are you? Do you know much about the Bible?
Yes, do you like football?
Yes, I do. Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
Yes, I did!  Do you like the Patriots? Tom Brady?
Don't know much about the Patriots or Tom Brady. Did you know that Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible, cutting out the 'supernatural' parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection? 
Yes, I wonder why he did that? Teddy Roosevelt and John Adams only two who did not use the bible for swearing in ceremonies?
Jefferson wanted to see religion in humanist terms. I think TR and JA swore on the Constitution. They felt that they owed allegiance to the people and the government first.
Interesting, I didn't know the word apple in latin is malus?
It That is an interesting coincidence.
Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?
That's great! There should a team entirely of women!
That would be interesting to watch! With only 11 minutes of live game play on average, gives time to eat footall treats or standing in line at the stadium. lol
I figure the best way to watch the game is to look at highlights. Did you know that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player?
That is surprising. Makes sense with the average player. Do you watch the New Orleans Saints?
No, I don't really watch their games. Are they any good?
Yes, thinking their cheerleaders might have a problem having to leave the restaurant if a player comes in.
That's true. That sexist thinking is out of date.
Very, Having tracking chips in balls and shoulder pads is a great idea!
I think it might help prevent injury.
Benjarvus Green-Ellis is a great player, never to fumble the ball!
He is a great player. He should get an award or a bonus for that!
I agree, Something to be recognized!! Great chat!!
Great chat, cat!
Have a great day!!
Do you like footbal?
I do. I like Tom Brady. Do you?
I love Tom Brady, his the best player of the NFL histoy in my opinion
He plays football like it is his religion. He even has a book called "athlete's Bible."
I would like to eat that book, he says that part of his success is due to eating avocado ice cream, sounds a bit disgusting
That is gross. He is very focused on the whys of life.
Yeah well he must be doing something right, he is 40 and his still on top of his game, 
Brady is a kind of messiah figure for patriots fans.
I can see why, he was lead them to various Superbowls, I think that 4 or 5 of them or even more
Brady's commitment to the TB12 Method is sincere. He works hard.
He does work hard, the success of the Patiots isnt due to good luck, so do you have a favorite team?
I'm married to a Broncos fan.  Did you know the former patriots RB green-ellis has never fumbled in his NFL career.
I didnt, I loved to watch him play but didnt know he holded that record, he must nbe the only RB in the history of the NFL
I didn't realize there were 32 teams.
Yeah 32 teams, 16 in each division, 
makes sense. I read that the average game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
only 11 minutes of game play? that doesn't seem like a lot, I guess ads take too much of the time
also the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player
That seems about right, engineers tend to work for a longer time, football players have shorter carreers
That is what I was thinking and NO cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restrausnt as any NFL player
That is an aweful rule but I guess there must be a good reason behind that. 
Hi , do you watch the NFL?
Hey yes very much so. Do you have a favorite team ?
Oh yeah I love Tom Brady the guys is a legend. How about you?
Agreed, same here. Did you know he is a book author now as well?
I have yet to hear it but it is that book The TB12 Method, the Athlete's Bible.
Yeah I want to read it too. I heard they are also doing a documentary featuring him too
That should be interesting. He has a favorite ice cream flavor, do you know what it is?
I think it is avocado. I guess it makes sense since he is so healthy.
Yeah for sure. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yeah as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if anyone has tried
I wonder too actually. Did you know over their lifetime engineers make more?
Yeah apparently I guess it makes sense since they have a longer career too
Exactly. I heard NFL is implanting chips on the player's pads now
Yes it seems they are collecting stuff like velocity and rotation and such.
Exactly. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Yup he is amazing , he never fumbled the ball in his career
Oh he was amazing. Do you know the score in the game that went down in hsitory as the highest one?
Yeah that was Gerogia Tech crushing Cumberland 222-0
Yup. ESPN won an Emmy once, do you know what for?
Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool
It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?
Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow
Yeah it is one of the most influential books in history
Are you a football fan?
Hi! I watch it from time to time, are you? Have a favorite player or team
I only watch a little.  I dont really have a favorite player.
I think a famous one is Tom Brady, especially with the release of his docuseries called "Tom vs. Time", have you seen or heard about it?
I havent seen it but I have heard about it, you?
I haven't, I think a lot of people haven't seen it is because it's broadcasted on Facebook Watch, do you use that feature of Facebook?
I do not, Ill catch some stuff there once in a while but not regularly.  I heard his TB12 method is like a religion to some
Yeah people invest a lot of hope into the team. They even have their own creed called "In Bill we Trust" for their worship of the Patriot's coach.
Even though they describe him as a raggamuffin, they still love him.  He doesnt have Brady's charisma though
Haha, what's a raggamuffin? What did he do to warrant that nickname?
Its is sloppy looking fashion sense.  Kind of unkempt. 
Oh ok, I didn't know that about him. Maybe Bill was hoping the camera's wouldn't focus on his fashion style since there's only eleven minutes of live gameplay.
Crazy that really is all that there is when games take 3-4 hours.
Yeah, I devote an entire afternoon to watch the game, if the games were longer than eleven minutes, I think I'd be a couch potato the whole day! Don't think I mind that too much though.
Same here.  Id live on the couch if that were the case and get far less done than I already do.
With only eleven minutes of gameplay, they still earn millions but somehow bowlers back in the day made much more than NFL players, hard to believe that still exists today.
True. I wonder how much each was making in the 60's to make it even.  Was bowling ever that popular.
Yeah, does professional still exist? I'd imagine sports companies wouldn't be able to endorse them because I don't think they make any bowling clothes.
True, I can't name one professional bowler, past or present.
Me neither, if anything, I definitely don't think they are broadcasted on Sunday which is when football games are broadcasted and Super Bowl is held first Sunday in February.
Some popular TV shows dont even want to compete with that.  Its been great chatting, but I must get going.  Have a great day!
Howdy! Are you a fan of football?
Yeah i love it. what do you think of tom brady?
No denying his brilliance on the field of play or many accomplishments.
Yeah he apparently has book called the Athletes bible. 
Have you read it? I hear it is his method of pursuing high performance.
No i haven't but some people say it kind of cultist. He has some fans that call him the messiah 
Probably half of Boston... I think he has a good head on his shoulders and his game play shows he is a serious person, dedicated to performing at the highest level possible. I would imagine his book is a legitimate exercise in sharing what he believes are keys to helping him stay in top form.
Yeah i agree he subscribes to avocado ice cream have you evre had it?
No,, but I'm interested!  I once read a quote from Brady which read, "If you're going ot compete against me, you better be willing ot give up your life because I'm giving up mine"   You know, whatever you believe you were made to do, yo have to admire someone who is dedicated so much of himself to do what he thinks is his mission.
Yeah that's is dedication. Apparently his plan for his life is all part of the TB12 Method.
That is living intentionally. It does seem bizaar that someone might dedicate himself to a game that only has an average of 11 minutes of playing time each week. That's a lot of preparation for such a small amount of time.
Well i'm sure it a lot to do with the pay. Tom has made it his religion according to Chopra.
Well, he is focused on his game and shows no sign of quitting anytime soon. WHo knows, maybe he will be the first QB to reach 7 NFL Championships?
If anyone can it's him. Have you seen tom vs. time?
No. I heard of it, but I have not. I wonder if it is on YouTube?
I think it's on Facebook some how. He said he want to know the why's of life.
Don't we all!  Like, why did the Univ of Iowa paint the visitor locker room pink?
I guess the coach thought he take ever advantage. kind of sad really or maybe it was a joke. Did you know the highest scored game was 220-0?
If an average game is only 11 minutes, that means the one team scored 20 points per minute!  Good heavens!
Yeah that ridiculous. Georgia tech and Cumberland were the teams back in 1916.
Nice chatting!
Hi!  Are you a fan of the NFL?
I love to watch football but don't get to as much anymore. You?
Same, I cut cable a while ago, so I dont see as much.  But I hear Tom Brady has really been dominating lately.
Yeah i think this is his 5th ring. Apparently he has some regiment called TB12 Method that includes Avocado ice cream.
Avocado Ice Cream sounds like something someone would either love or hate.    But something has to be working because he is 40 and still going.
Yeah i guess your right. Did you know that once upon a time bowler made twice as much as top nfl players?
That is crazy!  I wonder what the pay was then?  I think it is kinda high now, especially when you look at the fact that there is only 11 minutes of game play during any given game.
Right, i think all sports player are over paid. They need to use some of that money to pay for universal health care in my opinion.
I agree.  Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player.  That makes me feel a little better.
Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?
Same here.  I would rather a few years to make my millions.
Iowa States visiting locker room is painted pink.
Nice intimidation tactic.  I guess that wold be shocking the first time you see it.
Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?
Yeah it was 222-0.  What a blow out!
Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.
Agreed, or have my name associated with that team.  That must have been a rough game for the,.
On a different note do you own a bible?
I do.  I have done more reading from the ones in apps recently though.  It is interesting that Thomas Jefferson used a razor to make his own version cutting out the supernatural parts.  Well I have to go.  Nice Chat
You too! Yes that is weird should have just bought a fiction book.
For real!
Who knew Brady was so Spiritual, Did you know not only is he a famous football player he has been successful in writing and now in a deep spiritual quest. I Love him :)
I think he is certainly a dominant force in football.  He is hard to beat.
Yes! He is unbelievable! Brady and The Patriots are favored to win in the Super Bowl LII. I can see it... also, have you tried avocado Ice cream?! Its one of Bradys fav flavors ha,ha its not bad ive tried it.. Have you?
I haven't but I think I would like to, I like avocado and guac so I think it would be pretty good.
Its good, just make sure it has almonds! it makes it better. 
I'll have to do it.  Have you read his book?
athlete's bible I think its called. Ive never read it but Id be interested in taking a lot inside of that beautiful mind. lol
I think he calls his methods the TB12 method.
I didn't know he was 40! I definitely want to know his secrets. Goes to show you money is not everything. He has it all yet he is still looking for a meaning to life. Successfull career, a Beautiful Top Model Wife, Money, loads of it, kids a house, materials everything but still looking for a meaning... its Beautiful that we can all relate even if our lives are completely different. We are all One.
I know!  He is still playing at a tip top level, and winning.  
It would be interesting to see his tracking numbers. since the NFL has a chip embedded in the footballs and in the shoulder of the players to measure speed and distance.
It would, and the ball to see exactly how fast he can fling it.  
Yes! and who knew that the average nfl game has only 11 minutes of live game play! my father and law and husband make it feel like eternal haha
That is because it is an eternity.  I mean 4 hours for 11 minutes of play?  Not the quickest game in the world.
Just like Monopoly! I couldnt do it, Im too impatient and not that strong for football. Im afraid Ill break something these days. Even though it would be interesting to see a female in the NFL, hopefully someday we see it, there are currently no written rule against female players
As long as they are treated better than the cheerleaders I think it could be a good thing.  They dont treat cheerleaders too well.
Oh true! thats what I heard! especially in the New Orleans Saints, apparantly cheerleaders cant be in the same restaurant as the players. If they are they must leave... thats terrible. I wonder why
I dont know what kind of incident could have prompted a rule like that.  It is a little overboard in my opinion.
Your right, something must of happened. Times sure have changed, for starters back in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars!
That is crazy, I wonder how good the pay was. I mean if bowlers were getting the same pay it couldnt have been great.  Nothing like what engineers made at the time.
You are right! I couldn't believe it. The average engineers is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and mlb. Soccer is the highest paid however.
Hi, how are you? Do you know much about the Bible?
Hello, I'm doing well! I know a little bit, I think it's interesting how religious books are similar, like the Old Testament overlaps with the Hebrew Bible and the Greek Septuagint.
They are all in the Abrahamic tradition. The ideas date back very far. Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
I did not know that! But thinking about it, it makes sense. We really have it ingrained so much in society. I think Teddy Roosevelt is one of the only presidents who didn't swear in on the Bible
The other is John Quincy Adams. They swore on the Constitution because they felt that they owed allegiance to the people and the government first.
Ahh ok, that's interesting. It's good for people in power to have choice like that. Thomas Jefferson had his own version of the Bible, after he cut out parts using a razor.
He was a practical guy and wanted to see religion in humanist terms.
It's interesting how the Bible draws from real life as well. I was shocked to find out the tower of Babel was likely based off of the real life building, the Etemenanki.
The Bible has a lot of connections to the real world. Linguistically too. An apple only became known as an "apple" when the Bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century. The reason: the word "mauls" means both apple and evil.
That's interesting! I think it's surprising the disagreements people have over the Bible, I always thought of it as straight forward! But I guess some people disagree what parts of it should be included in the canon.
I think there are political motivations behind that, like in the case of Jefferson. Leaders want certain beliefs to be followed.
I think that's fair. Regardless it's clear many, many people have considered it interesting enough to buy. It's technically the best-selling book of all time with 5 billion copies.
They might not know the controversy behind what got chosen to go into the book. So much has been left out.
Yeah that's very true. Speaking of controversy, did you know in the NFL, if cheerleaders are eating in a restaurant and players come in after, the cheerleaders still have to leave? That's terrible.
The women in the NFL get treated like second class citizens. It's shameful.
Definitely, but at the same time that makes it even more surprising female players are technically allowed!
They would be better off as engineers in the long run. No concussions!
That's true, and more than that, don't engineers make more? I think on average they have higher lifetime earnings than NFL players, and even MLB players also!
I'm not surprised. NFL players have short careers, due to injury and age. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!
Definitely, but it's also surprising considering there's only 11 minutes of actual live play every game.
True. Only 11 minutes stretched over hours. Not what you'd think.
But definitely nice chatting with you as well, have a good night!
Hello. Do you like avocado ice cream? Tom Brady does.
Its what is keeping him on the top of his game
I think I would have to pass, as it sounds disgusting. I didn't realize he and Depak Chopra's son were friends. Also weird that Depak would name his son Gotham.
Yes he did. I would love to read his book "athlete's bible" 
I'm not reading anything from an NFL player, until they demand that the Saints stop that insane rule that their cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in.
That is so wrong. That makes me mad just thinking about it. at least Women can play in the NFL
As long as they meet the eligibility requirements, and I'm sure many do.
I did not know the ESPN created the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line
They won an emmy for it. That must have been an awful year, if that is what won.
And if I were cumberland 
What is cumberland?
Im sorry I hit enter before finishing. I was saying that if I were cumberland I would have quit playing that game after the 1st 100 points 
Oh. The Georgia Tech game! Why didn't the coaches stop that? They do in high school games.
I would have wanted to be a bowler instead of a player  in the 60's
Even engineers make more money than a player. I don't think i could have watched pro bowling though.
I never knew that green-ellis has never fumbled the ball. I wonder if he is the only one
Probably, as those tracking chips in the balls register everything.
So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.
A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.
Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.
 Tom Brady's bible?
No the holy bible
Do you watch the NFL ?
Yes, The NFL is one of the major sports leagues in North America and the highest professional football league in the world.
What about the other kind of football like soccer, do you watch them ?
Yes, Football is the team sports which is referred by different names in different place. But every one like it to play.
Yes but do you like to watch soccer ? or rugby or Canadian football ?
I like all the game my favourite player is Rugby. which is your favourite game ?
I like Canadian football, it is like the NFL, but slightly modified. 
The NFL regular season run from september to December, each have to play 16 games with each other.
Do you think it is enough ? I would like to see more games, don't you ?
Which is your favourite team ?
I like the Pats, Tom Brady is super good, he wrote a book, The TB12 method, it is very good. 
Tom Brady is the best player in New England Patriots, he played top of his game at age 40.
Yeah, The Pats where losing 28 to 3  in the Super bowl, but to won in overtime. They are legendary. 
Oct 7, 1916 was the sad day for cumberland bulldog for losing the match with Georgia tech.
Yeah that was a great game for one of them and a horrible game for the other. How would you feel if you were on the losing team ?
Winning or Loosing is not a matter. How they played is everything, next time they want to work hard for their winning.
Yeah but losing 222-0, you have to feel something. I would be almost proud. 
Its very shocking. But we want to identify our mistakes and correct them and move to the next game.
Don't you think, it would be better just to forget to the game, because a loss of 222 points there nothing to learn from it. 
What we want to do ?
I would go to bar and just forget the game, and think about the next game as if the 0-222 loss never happened. 
Just Relax, The team was improved and work hard to improve the game.
Maybe they have read the bible to get peace. It was until 1963 that US student were required to read the bible in a classroom, that is quite shocking. 
Bible is the relation between the God and Human. It give more confident and god always with us.
But each version is so different, which one is the right one ? Even Thomas Jefferson modified it. 
yes, The biblical tower of babel was likely based on a real building, in modern Iraq.
That is interesting, maybe I will go there to see it. Have a nice day. 
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Yes I do a lot and you? Do you have a favorite team or player
I love the Patriots and Brady, he is such a good and dedicated player. And you?
Yes he sure is and I like him a lot. Do you know what his favorite ice cream flavor is?
I think it is ice cream which fits in really well with his healthy diet
Exactly. And now he is a book author as well, he wrote a book on the sport
Yes he wrote the Athelete's Bible, The TB12 Method. Have you read it?
I have not actually but I would like to. I would also like to watch the documentary series Tom vs. Time
Yeah that sounds cool too. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
Yeah heard about that, wonder if it works in any way. Do you know what the highest college football score is?
Yeah it was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0. What a defeat. 
Exactly what a defeat. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes for the superimposed yellow line. I am glad they did that.
Yes me too. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Yeah he ir the rb for the Patriots who never fumbled the ball in his career
Yeah what a legend. Did you hear about that New Orleans cheerleader rule?
Yeah that is so wrong in every level. Why can't they eat in the same place?
I have no idea I just hate the fact they have to also leave mid meal if the players walk in.
So strange. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I know that it is one of the most influential books and has sold 5 billion copies
Yeah that is pretty powerful and it was part of the education system until 1963.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Hi there for sure, do you have a favorite team or player?
I do I like the Patriots and Brady is my favorite player. ANd you?
Me tooo. He is a book author now as well, did you know that?
Yeah the wrote the Athlete's Bible, the TB12 Method Have you read it?
Yeah and there is also that documentary on Facebook starring him
Oh yeah Tom versus Time I want to watch it too. Do you know what his favorite ice cream flavor is?
With a guy like him, avocado makes sense because he is very dedicated to his health
Exactly. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Oh year as long as they make the cut. Do you know if any of them have tried?
I am not sure actually. Maybe more of them are becoming engineers, that is a better professon
Well engineers make more money because their careers are longer so I would opt for that too
Yeah I think that plays a lot into that. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players?
They are using them to track rotations and velocity and a bunch of other stuff during the ganes
Yeah exactly. Do you know who benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career
Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech
Yeah what a game. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy?
Oh for the yellow line and I am happy because it makes game watching much easier
Yeah me too. On another topic do you know much about the Bible?
Some stuff as it is one of the most influential books in history
Yeah it has sold over 5 billion copies, that says a lot about it
It sure does. Nice chatting with you today. 
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?
Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?
Yes I read about it, I guess they are trying to make a statement to the visiting teams.
Seems like it. DO you know what the highest score in a game was?
Yes if I am right, it was 222-0 georgia Tech vs Cumberland, have you heard of Cumberland before?
I have actually not and that is quite the score. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes for creation of the yellow line representing the first down for football.
Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Do you think they should? 250-300 lbs men hitting smaller women would certainly make things different.
Yeah that is a good point. Maybe they should stick to engineering there is more money there
Yes I agree, I think wnba is great and maybe women should get a all women pro team called wnfl and see how that work out for them.
Yeah that would be great. Did you know they are using trackers in the players now?
Yes, is that used to keep track of nfl players, I wonder why, this should be like invading their private lives, that's just my opinion.
It is only used in the field to track their velocity and rotation and such. Hopefully they can use that to make the game safer too
Yes, you are right, this is good for their safety, do you agree that the average nfl games last 11 minutes?
It seems that they are pretty short yeah but we have to be glued to the tv for hours until that ends
But don't you think that's a little too short to be divided into 4 quarter, quarterback plays, running back plays, kicks field goals that's too much for 11 minutes.
I think the 11 minutes take into account only the time they are running around and not when they get into position and such. Not sure but I think that us that it is
It got to be something like that, maybe, It average take me eleven minutes just eat, hahahaha.
On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
Are you an NFL fan?  Back in the 60s, pro bowlers actually made more money than pro football players! Crazy huh?
That is crazy. I think they all are paid pretty well today.
Yeah, especially QB's like Brady.  He has a book out entitled "The Athlete's Bible". 
In my opinion Religion and sports dont mix. Its just a way for him to make some more money.
I'm not sure it's all about religion. I think it's more about mental preparation and even one's physical health (e.g., nutrition). 
Well that makes a little bit more sense, I still think its all about the money he will get from it though.
His, wife as a model, actually makes more than him. I  also not so sure he's doing it for money.  He may be.  There are really religious people on his team like Matt Slater.  He's an evangelist off the field. 
Its nice to know some of those guys are still good maral characters. With all the off the field trouble you hear about of athletes.
True.  Some of the fans treat them like deities. They say "In Bill we trust" about the coach and some see Brady as a messiah. 
In my opinion there is only one mesiah. He certainly isnt a football player. Dont get me wrong I love football. I just dont go that deep with it.
No one should.  It's a game.  BTW, a short game.  They say there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay  in an NFL game.  I find that hard to believe.
I believe it. Most of the game is getting ready for the next play, and then most plays last like 7 seconds.
I played in HS and there was a lot of standing around.  Speaking of the Pats, former RB Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.  Good hands!
Yeah thats pretty amazing considering how physical the game is. 
I'm also amazed that the U. of Iowa has a pink locker room for visitors. 
Yeah that seems like they are going to some pretty good lengths to get into the head of the opponents.
Yeah, that's what Brady's book i supposed to be about.  I just learned that Teddy Roosevelt and Jon Q. Adams are the only presidents that didn't use a Bible to get sworn in.  I wonder what they used?
I dont think they used anything. I wonder if they were athiests or why they didnt swear in on the bible.
I can't see that but maybe.  Isn't it wild that they think they found the actual Tower of Babel in Iraq?
That is wild. 
In the end, everyone does their own thing.  Jefferson cut out "supernatural" (e.g., miracles) in his own Bible. 
Oh yeah.To each his own I guess. I like my bible the way it was written. good chat 
Hey are you a football fan?
Yeah, he's smart, I believe his method that involves lots of avocado ice cream to help him stay at the top of his game is brilliant!
Yeah if you like Avocado ice cream, lol! I think he calls it the TB12 Method. 
Yeah, Tom Brady, that is.  He is surprisingly spiritual.
I did not know that about him. He's got like 5 rings now right?
I believe so.  It's crazy to think, on average football games have 11 minutes of actual playing, yet there is so much excitement with watching them.
Right! Hey i guess the Iowa coach thought painting the visiting locker room pink was a good strategy.
Many strange things have happened.  Decades ago bowlers made more than football players.
Yeah i hear twice as much and that Georgia tech Cumberland game was played in 1916.
It is a game I grew up loving to watch.
That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.
Yes!  It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.
I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.
Yeah, that is a good idea to make oversight of the game and making calls more accurate.
Pretty soon will be watching drones, lol! You know the nfl only produced one left handed quarterbacks?
Yeah, and furthermore, maybe we'll see women in the NFL, since there is no written rule forbidding them from joining.
If so make a all women's team like the WNBA 
Yeah, if women do enter the NFL, I'm sure issues of fairness between players will arise.
Right it will change the game forever. Apparently the lifetime earnings of a nfl players doesn't compare to that of an engineer. 
With that in mind, maybe being an engineer would be a better idea.
Well only for the long run. Give me a professional 10 year career as a player and then retirement any day.
True.  Well it was nice talking!
You too! Don't forget to try the avocado ice cream
Hello, are you particularly a fan of football?
I love football but i don't get to watch much anymore. I hear Tom B wrote a book.
He did, "The TB12 Method" right? I think it was interesting, one of the things I learnt is his love for "avocado ice cream", would never have guessed that as his secret.
I would have never guessed Avocado's could be made into an ice cream, lol. Apparently football has become his religion, though. 
And I didn't get that at first but I think it makes sense, he's so dedicated to it. I read something by spiritual writer Deepak Chopra explaining the similarities between sports and religion.
Ok is that his Deepak's son Gotham chopra? He said tom want something bigger than football.
I don't think so haha, think it's just the same last name. But I think this Chopra is the one producing the movie "Tom vs. Time", Brady certainly has beaten Father Time so far.
Yeah 40 and winning the super bowl is no small achievement. Apparently the fans have a creed In Bill we trust"!
Ahah it makes sense, Patriots fans are devoted. Although it's nothing compared to the love for Brady, fans love Belichick but Brady is basically the Messiah.
What! Well i guess that's what you call Hell bound fans, lol! So what is this like his 5th or 6th super bowl ring. I hear even now he's slated to win the next super bowl. 
I think so too! Although some people are worried about what's going to happen to him after his career. Bob Ryan said something about the book being creepy, like football is going to take over his life even after he retires.
Yeah what the said was that it sound cultist. That's nothing i want to dabble in. I think he's a great player.
Oh definitely, plus it's not surprising how much he's revered, maybe it's a New England thing. Have you heard of Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
Yeah he's a former patriot player right?
He is! And one thing he got recognition for was never fumbling the ball throughout his career, I wonder if he ever got an award for it.
If not he should have. did you know that the Iowa state visiting locker room is painted pink. I wonder why?
I'm guessing it's too intimidate visitors? Although by this point I doubt people are still surprised by it, so I don't think it's effective.
Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?
Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.
That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?
I think it was for creating the first down line! I guess it shows more people care about football now. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a good day!
Hi are you a football fan?
Yep, how bout you
Yeah i don't get to watch it much anymore though. I hear bowlers used to make more than top nfl players in the 60's
Thats amazing to learn. I think that has changed just a little.
Yeah as for Tom Brady he swears by Avocado ice cream.
I think I read that somewhere. i never actually tried it though. Is it good.
I can't imagine...but i guess if you add enough sugar to it, haha! He calls it TB12 Method.
Lol. To each his own I guess. Maybe I will try it out.
I do like Avocados. It's amazing to think that those bowlers made twice as much as top performers.
Yeah I have never been much of a bowler. My uncle bowled a perfect game though. He is pretty good.
Wow that's awesome. I got a turkey once. The patriot produced a RB that never fumbled the ball in his entire career. 
Yeah his name was benjarvis green ellis
Yeah that's right. That's quite a accomplishment. Kind of like the college game that scored 220-0
Yeah that is a lot of scoring. I think I would have called benjarvis, double double. Cause dude has two first names and two last name. Lol.
I know make a choice already. Georgia Tech was not playing around with Cumberland, i would not have wanted to be on that bus ride home.
Me either. Bet they avoided playing them for awhile.
Did you hear about the Emmy that ESPN won?
Yeah for the yellow first down line. Genius in my opinion.
Mine too made it a lot easier. You know theres no written rule that keeps women from playing in the nfl?
I think it's more the status quo of the sport that keeps them out. Maybe they could be kicker or punter.
Yeah i don't discriminate but i do think it's just habit to think of football as a males-only sport
I totally agree with you there. Well Im gonna have to get off here Good chat. TTYL.
How's it going, are you a football fan? Tom Brady recently released his best selling TB12 Method
I don't really know much about football, or Tom brady. What is this book of his?
It's a book that details Brady's diet and training regiment which he credits with being able to still play football at 40
That sounds like an impressive achievement! Is it a popular book? Is it for people like me and you?
It's popular with a lot of people, I guess a lot of people view it as a mix of sports and religion
I guess Tom has followers then, like a religious leader.
Yea I guess Boston fans see the Patriots as a religion and Tom Brady as an apostle of the team
Then the team must have other apostles? Or other religious figures?
They do have a slogan "In Bill We Trust" that refers to the patriots' coach
I guess it sounds like a religion. Or a cult. The book must be a best seller. People follow the guidance in the book? Make it part of their lives?
Well Tom Brady does and a lot of his teammates, I guess most non athletes who read it are just fans
How many copies has it sold? It can't nearly so many as the Bible.
I'm not sure but some people think Brady is only motivated by moeny
He probably has a lot of money as a football star. I wonder how much he can make from a book.
hmm I don't know. I guess he could always try another sport after football. The top bowlers in the 1960s made more that the top football stars
That was probably the golden age of bowling. Many leagues formed, and people tried the sport. Probably not ever going to be as popular again.
Well Brady could become an engineer, the average engineer makes more than a football player in their lifetime
That sounds like a plan. The world can always use more engineers.
Yea football players do make a lot of money for only 11 mins of actual gameplay
They do get paid for standing around a lot. I guess they feel that they have worked hard to get there.
Well I got to go, nice talking with you
Do you like football?
Can't say I'm a fan, I could tell you some basic well know facts, but not much else.
Same, I also only have a passing knowledge in football.
Tom Brady I've heard of, very accomplished and successful.  I guess he's branching out from football.
Well he is considered among the best quarterbacks in history
Maybe it will be worth my time buying his new book and watching his show then.
What is his new book?
The TB12 Method.  some kind of athletes bible, tells you how to be healthy, physically and spiritually.
By spiritually does he mean the mental component?
No, he's starting to conflate sport with religion, I don't really get it myself.  Probably just a gimmick to sell some books.
In any case, I think he is quite the expert in regards to health and the physical body given his achievements
You can't deny his achievements.  Often these books are not even written by the person they are supposed to be done by.  A ghost writers does the work and a famous person adds their name to the cover.
I can see how that could be true, but without proof, I don't want to diminish a persons efforts
It's kind of an open secret, there's always a clue in the legal page at the front.  Will you be watching his documentary Tom vs Time?
Probably not. Will you?
I barely watch TV anymore, the kids usually have access to it.  Most of my evening is also taken up driving kids to their various sporting activities, not Football though.
Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay
That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action.  I could just grab my Bible instead.
Do you read from the bible often?
Not really.  I'm some times curious when I hear people quote from it.  I used to have to do it in school when I was a kid.
I agree. In any case, thanks for chatting.
Hi How are you today?
I am good how about you?
I am good. Do you like Football?

Yes. Packers fan
I like football but not enough to think that Tom Brady wrote the athlete bible ya know.
I am not a Patriots fan or a Fan of Brady
I don't understand why the NFL has been using tracking chips in the players shoulder pads.
They track everything today by tech looking for an edge
Yeah, it definitely seems that way
They even have them in footballs now
That is crazy. Like, everything in the world doesn't need tracking, at least in my opinion. 
Yes its getting nuts. Tracking velocity and even rotation
Yep
They are even using  a lot of tech in baseball these days
The cell industry is definitely taking over the world.
I totally agree with you on that
Are you religious?
yes. fairly so
Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.
no. i didnt. that is wild
Yes, definitely, and also the biblical tower of babel is based on a real building in present day iraq.
yes. i had read that before
Its been nice talking to u
Tom Brady is a great player and a football legend, do you agree?
I agree loved his Tom vs Tom documentary.  Have you seen it?
I did, I also loved it, football has become like a religion to Brady, I have to agree on that
Yes.  Did you read his book "The TB12 Method"?
No, I didnt read that one, did you read it?
I haven't read it.  He credits it though with helping him to stay at the top of his game.
I might pick that book up sounds interesting, maybe I can learn a thing or two from it, he must have a lot of healthy habits, success like that isnt achieved without discipline
True.  Did you know that the University of Iowa's visiting players locker room is painted pink?  I wonder why they did that?
Sounds really funny lol, I wonder why they did that as well and I also wonder the faces of the visiting players, it must be confusing
lol  right?  In the 1960's it paid more to be a bowler than an NFL player.  Bowler's made twice as much as the top football stars from back then.
Oh I see, thats odd considering how much money football players make
Yes.  Another surprising money fact is that the lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the lifetime earnings of an NFL or MLB player.
Engineers also make a lot of money, they work for more years so it does make sense
I agree.  The highest scoring football game ever was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916!
That must have been a boring game, 222 points of difference!!! I bet the other team was playing a totally different sport
lol yes!  Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball once during his career.  That's amazing.
That is amazing, I bet he is one of the few players with that impressive record
Probably.  I would imagine.  Do you ever read the bible?
no not really, I dont believe in God, but I guess many people enjoy reading it, do you read it?
Not really.  I find it interesting that it's the highest selling book of all time with over 5 billion copies sold!
Theres a lot of religious people around the world and its also one of the oldest books,
Hi! Are you familiar with Tom Brady? I'm very interested in following his TB12 Method aka the athlete's bible!
Hey! I'm good. How is your day? Not really. What is it about?
To Tom Brady, football is basically a religion and at age 40, he likes to credit that lifestyle brand with being in such great shape. It's worth checking out! Are you a football fan at all?
I watch football, not a lot actually. I like hockey. I'll check it out for sure. I know him, but not really familiar with TB12 Method you mentioned. Have you already tried or just planning to follow?
I plan to follow one day. Not just for health but to get me through the NFL off-season since the regular season only lasts 17 weeks, which is far too short for us die hard fans. Ha!
Honestly I've never been able to understand why this is just 17 weeks. If it was regular and at least 6-7 months, I'll probably follow more regularly lol Are you fan of any team?
I like the league in general. I like the Saints but I don't like that silly, misogynistic rule they have in place that forbids cheerleaders and players from eating in the same restaurant. I'm surprised no lawsuits have been filed over that one yet!
Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. It sounds so surprising and difficult to believe!!!
I know, right? Commercials drag it out to make it seem longer, I suppsoe. With that and knowing there are no rules against women playing, I'm surprised we haven't had at least a female kicker drafted yet! Especially in this day and age!
I'm wondering about female players. What kind of eligibility requirements do they have? Any idea? Because still we don't see any female players. 
I honestly don't know but perhaps we'll see one someday soon! Although if a female running back is ever drafted, she'll have a difficult time if she wanted to compete with Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career!
True! I also read that the average lifetime earnings of an enginner is higher than an NFL player. It's actually Ok, but I was sure they make a lot of money. 
Yeah that surprises me! The people who creates the tracking chips for shoulder pads and football's make more than the actual players themselves! Ha!
I'm sure you are right. This industry has a lot of cash. It looks like players aren't people, who take major part for that. Bad for them!!!
Agreed. Heck, even in the 1960s, the top bowlers made twice as much than the top football players. That is just downright sad.
Really? Ha... That's interesting. What have changed dramatically after that? NFL has some strange rules. For example, New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurants as any NFL players. It looks like stupid rule. Any idea why? I don't see any meaning
I know and it sounds like discrimination to be completely honest. What i also think is silly is Georgia Tech actually beat a team 220-0 once back in 1916. It's the highest score ever in a football game. That just sounds humiliating.
I cannot imagine this score and how game was. Absolutely no. I'm sure players of lost team remembered it for long time...
Perhaps if Georgia Tech's locker room was pink like the locker room at the University of Iowa, maybe the score would have been different. Haha then again it probably would have angered them even more.
Good joke! I also read about pink color of dressing room. What do they expect should happen? Do they believe it may change how competitors play? lol 
Ha! To me, it seems like it would further anger a team which is the last thing I'd wanna do! Well it was great chatting with you! I'm gonna go eat an apple. Speaking of which, the fruit itself only became known as an Apple after the Bible was translated into latin. Malus actually means both evil and apple. Ha! Have a great day!
Howdy, how's it going?
Its going great, how bout yourself
I am fine. Do you read the book The Bible?
I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.
I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.
I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person. 
That is a good guide. There are many lessons buried deep within the scriptures that are hard to fathom. It is a good guide to look to one's conscience.
Yeah thats so true. Did you know that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies. I wonder who has the copyrithg on it.
I don't know. I guess the money must go to someone who uses it to help the church. 
Yeah that was kind of a joke. Maybe it was in the wrong time. Lol. Sorry.
I understand. The copyright on the Bible is of course held by a higher power, one not beholden to man's laws. It was a funny joke. I did not see, but now I do. Thank you.
So I wonder if the companies who print and sell the bible, feel the same about that or if they make sure they make a profit off of it.
They cannot profit and remain pure in the eyes of the one who wrote it. They would do well to consider the contents of the very book that they print.
Yeah. I think you have a little more faith in humanity than I do. 
Possibly. The Bible has been used by many people for many things, not all of them good. The book is not the laiety. 
That is true. Many people have been persecuted in the name of god and the bible. 
The Bible is but one book of many. Truth can be unearthed outside of books. The world holds many secrets, but you probably have the most inside of you. 
Well aid. I just try to be a good person everyday. I believe in god. I even believe in the bible. I just know that it has be rewritten o many times that who knows xactly what was said in the original. I think the overall message is what is important, and I dont think that has changed.
The original is not the truest, nor is the newest the truest. You will know the truest from your own understanding of truth. Have a good evening, and may your studies take you forward.
Thank you. This has been a great conversation. Hope you have a good one as well.
Thank you.
bye
Hey! Do you enjoy football
I do, I think its a great sport and I am a big fan, do you like it?
Yeah I do, I love watching the playoffs.
Me too, do you have a favorite team?
I like the Patriots, what about you?
I like the Patriots too, I live in New England and I also like winning teams lol. 
That is cool. Brady said his book "athletes bible" has really helped him stay at the top of his game at age 40.
I hear he loves avocado icecream, not sure if  I like it, theres a lot of flavors better than that one
Ew! I don't even like avocados. 
I know right, icecream plus avocado doesnt seem like a very good combination, but it does the trick for Brady so thank God for avocado icecream lol
Haha yeah! A former patriot running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never once fumbled the football in his career! 
Thats crazy, the level of skill that guy had, not fumbling a ball and being a RB, thats a hard thing to accomplish
Definitely. The locker room in the University of Iowa is painted pink for visiting football teams.
Thats really funny, I bet thats how you win 222-0 intimidating the other team
I guess it would work. Can you believe top bowlers made twice as much as football players in 1960? That is insane! You never hear about professional bowling anymore.
Its not as popular as it used to be or maybe its because football is a lot more popular than back then
Yeah probably. At least the technology has come a long way, the nfl uses tracking chips in the footballs and the player's shoulder pads. 
I heard about that, must be pretty expensive there are 32 teams and a lot of players per rooster.
Not including all the balls they probably go through. I can't believe an average game is only 11 minutes! 
That seems like an unreal stat, a game lasts for 2 to 3 hours each quarter 15 minutes without ads, 
Apparently it's calculated on live gameplay, who know? haha. It was great talking to you but I have to get dinner now. Bye!
Hello, are you particularly interested in football?
Sure! I think it's interesting that the NFL has no rule against female players. 
Yeah I do too! Especially because they seem sexist, the way cheerleaders have to leave if football players were there first.
The NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads to record a players moves on the field. Maybe they could track players off the field and avoid these situations.
That's a good point! They definitely could come up with some technological innovation, like the first down line, that was absolutely innovative.
Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.
True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.
That's true. Maybe another reason could be the country hasn't always needed or loved football. I think in the 60s the top bowlers made more than top football players.
Bowlers were lucky. It was a golden age of the sport, never to return again. 
Yeah I agree, plus I think football records are objectively more interesting. Like have you ever heard of Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
I think he's the guy who never fumbled a football. Quite a feat! He should get a bonus or a prize for that. 
Exactly! I think he should get something. After all ESPN got an award for creating the first down line, and I think that's similar in terms of impressiveness.
Do you know much about the Bible?
I don't know too much! I think a lot of religious texts are similar, like the Old Testament overlaps with the Hebrew Bible and the Greek Septuagint.
Very true. Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
I did not! But it makes sense, we've really made it such a huge part of American culture. I think Teddy Roosevelt is one of the only presidents not to swear in using the Bible.
Same with JQ Adams. I think they swore on the Constitution. They felt that they owed allegiance to the people and the government first. 
Ahh that's a nice way to see it. On the other hand Thomas Jefferson found middle ground, I think he used a razor to cut out parts of the Bible to use his own version.
He wanted to see religion in humanist terms. He was a practical guy.
Ahh that makes sense. Well it was nice talking to you, have a good day!
hey do you like the nfl? Crazy that they have 32 different teams
I do enjoy the NFL. I'm a Bears fan myself.
ha ya I like the Patriots myself, did you know that Tom Brady came out with a book recently?
I did not. What is it about?
ya its all about his tips for success in life, its a best selling "athelete's bible"
I will have to look into that. I had no idea. Speaking of the Patriots, did you know that they had a RB who never fumbled a football?!
I did know about that, I think his name was Benjarvus right? he doesn't play for them anymore but he was awesome!
Yes, Benjarvus Green-Ellis. He ended his career with 0 fumbles. Did you know that in the 1960's top bowlers made more than top football players?!
wow thats impressive! I do know that an engineer will earn more money over their life than an NFL player, which is crazy, but NFL players only play for limited years
I did not know that. You'd think more people would aspire to be engineers then. That's a lot of money and certainly much easier on your body than sports. 
yup I agree, you don't have to wear tracking chips either that track your movements and speed on the field
I did hear that players wear tracking chips in their shoulder pads and they have them in the ball. Do yo know for what purpose?
yes it tracks their lcoation, velocity, and things like the ball rotation, I hope they use it to help prevent injuries
I hope so too. Do you know why they don't use it to help make calls on the field when they are in question? It seems like they should. 
ya I don't know, they should use that stuff imo, would you ever be a cheerleader for the saints btw?
No, I think I've probably missed that boat ha ha. 
haha well the saints don't treat their cheerleaders well I think, they cna't go to restaurants with players
I did hear about that. Worse still, if the cheerleader was there first and a player enters, they have to stop eating a leave. That's ridiculous and very upsetting. 
yup I agree, would you ever watch a football game with women playing though? Do you think that will ever happen?
I would. I think they should start their own league that's not exploitation like the lingerie bowl. 
haha ya I agree, I think we coul dhave  a female kicker, theres no rule against it
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
I love watching the NFL, how about you?
Yes me too. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
Yes I do, I live down the street from the stadium! Ever been to a game there?
Oh nice. No I have not been there. Did you know the ESPN won and Emmy once?
I heard that before, what was it for? something about yellow right?
Yeah they invented the superimposed yellow line
wow did not know that! Do you ever watch college football? The record for the highest score was 222-0!
Yeah that was something when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland back in 1916
Yes it was, imagine being on Cumberland, I would have quit!
Yeah pretty bad defeat for sure. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
I did not know that, do you think men can play in the WNBA? 
I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?
I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will
Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between
I bet they do, do you ever watch ESPN?
I do from time to time. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I know the bible well, how about you?
Oh cool. I only know some facts like, it has sold over 5 billion copied
that is crazy to think. He gets the money I wonder?
I have no idea but talk about an influential book.
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Yes, I do. My favorite team is the Patriots and I love Brady. How about you?
Nice, same here. Did you know he wrote a book now as well?
Yeah the Athelete's Bible. Also there is a documentary serios that he is in called Time vs Tom
Yeah I am looking forward to seeing that. Do you know what his favorite ice cream flavor is?
Yeah it is avocado, I guess eating healthy has kept him in shape even at this age.
Yes exactly. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yeah they have to meet the requirements but still pretty cool. 
Yeah. Did you know engineers make more than football players over their lifetime?
I think that makes sense since football players have a pretty short career and engineers have a longer one
Yeah exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes, that was Gergia Tech versus Cumberland where they beat them 222-0
Yes what a game. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Oh yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line, right?
They sure did. I am thankful because it makes watching the game from home much easier
Me too. Did you hear about NFL using tracking chips on their players now in the field?
I did actually They are measuring a bunch of stuff like rotation and velocity and all that. 
Yes exactly. I really hope they can somehow use that data to make the game a bit safer and less concussions
I hope so too. Did you hear about that weird rule the New Orleans cheerleaders have to endure?
Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?
I do not know why it is there still but I hope they get rid of it soon. It was nice chatting with you. 
hello, are you a football fan?
Yes, it's a great sport! The whole world loves it!
Who of the 32 teams are your favorite
I do not like to choose. Which one is God's team? Is there one team more spiritual than all the rest?
God likes the vikings i think or university of iowa since iowa is gods country
Iowa. It sounds Biblical. I guess the Vikings are a good choice for a Christian God.
I agree. did you know iowa painted their visitor locker room pink.
That is for breast cancer awareness. The folks in Iowa know that others need to learn the risk of breast cancer in football players.
That was not the reason, but a good guess. It is to deal with psyching the other team out and calming them down.
It could have had a double purpose: soften the team for the game, and make them receptive to an important message about breast cancer.
That is a great point, have you been affected by it?
I have not been affected by the pink locker room. It has kept me calm but not passive.
I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.
They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room
I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!
That's a blown opportunity to raise cancer awareness among the players and cheerleaders.
For sure, I like your take on breast cancer awareness! Now only if Tom Brady could be an advocate!
He is half way there. He is an avocado. I think he could be brought to the cause.
lol, he should write it in his athletes bible
It would be a good step in the right direction for him. He has the power and the influence.
For sure! Good chatting with you!
Tom Brady is a wonderful player. He was played for New England Patriots.
I guess if you are a patriots fan you can call him wonderful. I am certainly not one of those lol.
The NFL is the major profession football league in North America.
I know that. I watch it every week. How about you?
The NFL regular season runs from September to December. Which is your favourite team ?
I am a die hard Steelers fan. Since I was old enough to watch. How about you?
Chicago Bears, I am great fan of it.
Really I have never heard it put so elegantly. Lol 
NFL has no written rule against female players women would in fact be allowed to met the eligibility criteria.
I'm not sure if it will ever happen. I would worry about my daughter playing football.
NFL uses tracking chips in the shoulder pads to record move of the players in the field and try to improve the game of the player.
Really. so thats how they get all those interesting stats. I didnt know that.
The revenue for the player is very high compared to other sports so all the teammates want to win the trophy for the team.
I know the average engineer actually make more over a lifetime than an nfl player. Thats crazy.me 
It is very interesting.
It is. Another interesting fact. The average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
The iowa's locker room for football team is completely painted pink.
Wonder if that effects the opposing team at all.
Biblical tower of babel was likely based on a real building in modern iraq.
That makes no sense unless they were looking into the future when they wrote the bible.
Bible is the product of divine inspiration which define the relationship between God and human.
Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.
Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.
yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt
Its correct.
Well I got to be going TTYL.
Hi, there. Do you know much about the BIble?
I do, actually! It's one of the most influential and best selling books of all time with over 5 billion copies sold. What about you?
I know a little. Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
Really? Wow! That is very surprising! Almost as surprising as the only two presidents who didn't use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies were Adams and Roosevelt!
I think they swore on the Constitution. They felt they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people.
Exactly. And even Jefferson created his own version by cutting out the supernatural parts. Do you think they call that the "King Jefferson" version? Ha!
Yeah, that would be a good name. LOL He wanted to see religion in humanist terms. 
I also didn't know that the Etemenanki in Iraq was what they based the tower of Babel on in the Bible. That's pretty cool!
I would imagine that many things in the Bible have some basis in fact. It might be hard to detect because the language has changed. 
True. And speaking of the language, I found out recently the word Apple came about when the Bible was translated to latin because malus means evil and apple.
That is an interesting coincidence. I guess that would mean that Eve actually ate "evil".Tasty!
Ha! Well speaking of bibles, are you familiar with the athlete's bible aka the TB12 Method Tom Brady follows to stay at the top of his game?
No, I'm not. I don't know much about it or Tom Brady.
I understand. Do you follow the NFL at all? I do and it's crazy to think that the average game is only 11 minutes long in terms of live gameplay!
That's not much for a 3 hour affair. Still a pretty risky way to make money. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
That's crazy because back.in the 1960s, the top football players made less than the top bowlers. They made twice as much as a matter of fact. Kind of sad, really. 
I guess bowling was the big sport then. Probably sponsors and TV helped them earn money. 
True. On a related note, I can't believe we haven't had any females signed yet considering there are no rules against women playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements.
It certainly would make gameplay different. Even though an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!
True. But if the Saints ever drafted a woman player, I wonder if that silly misogynist rule that forbids cheerleaders from eating in the same restaurant as the football players would apply to female football players?
I wonder as well. The league has a lot of attitudes that it needs to change. Anyway, thanks for the chat!
Agreed. I mean, the regular season is only 17 weeks long from September to December. That gives them plenty of time to make the necessary changes outside of the regular season. Well it was great chatting with you!
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
I sure do. My favorite is Tom Brady and the Patriots, and you?
The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?
I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense

It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats
True story. Did you hear about his book?
Yes the Athlete's Bible. I read it and it is amazing. Have you read it?
I have not but I will give it a go. I also want to watch the Tom vs Time series
Yeah that sounds pretty cool too. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yes as long as they meet the requirements and make the cut for it
Yes. Did you know engineers make more money than football players over their lifetime
Yeah I guess it makes sense since their careers are longer and they have more opportunities to make money
Good point actually. They are also using tracking chips on the players now.
Right, they are collecting all this info on velocity and rotation and such. Wonder what they use it for
Hope they can make some sense of it and use it to make the game safer for the players
I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?
I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now
That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history
Right? It is pretty amazing. Jefferson created his own version of it
Yes , heard he cut out the supernatural parts off of it with a razor
He must have really not believe in all that stuff. 
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
The NFL? The National Football League? Did that thing go broke or get offshored to China or something?
Nope still around. Do you know how many teams are in it?
I think every year or two they add a team or two. It must be up to about 50. How many are there?
Currently it is sitting at 32 teams and the season lasts for 17 weeks
17 weeks. I guess that a good length. Is that every year though? Football is a good game. I'm glad it is still around.
Yeah ever year and then it is topped with the superbowl. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in teh 60s?
I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.
Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players
Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering. 
Yup for sure. Did you know women can play too if they qualify?
Qualify? Is there a written exam and a road test or something?
Well there is the physical exam that all players have to pass in order to play to ensure they can make the game
I guess there could be some women that could try out for a team, but I can't say I know if they'd make it. 
Well I hope we get to see them in the field for sure. Do you know who Benajrvus Green-Ellis is?
He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.
Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now? 
The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.
Opp typo, they are using tracking chips to track velocity and rotation and such. I hope they can use those to make the game safer too.
For the fans, at least. They can know when a player might suddenly come flying at them. Fan safety is a priority. Well, it should be. Good for the NFL and the singing chips.
I guess. Nice chatting with you.
What are your thoughts on Brady?
Well, I live in New England not far from Foxboro so I am a fan. Although, I am not really a football   fan
I see, well im not a big fan either but do think Brady is a really skilled player,
He is dedicated to the game, that's for sure. I wonder how many seasons more he will be able to play-and still be great.
I bet he follows a wholre ritual he is 40 years old and has a lot more games in front of him, usually players retire at that age or even earlier
I think he has had a lot of injuries and concussions but I suppose he just doesn't want to give up. It's his whole life, apparently.
And then theres also the brain damage associated with football, he already has a lot of money and has done about everything a player can do, he is a leyend that is a sure thing
Maybe he will surprise everyone a retire next year. I think his wife would like that. He will still be making a ton of money on endorsements.
He doesnt need to play football in order to win a lot of money, he also makes money from his books and he can keep on writting otheres, I bet people will buy them
I am sure they are best sellers. He could be a coach too. I would not want to push myself to the point where my injuries would destroy the quality of my life. 
I agree, retire when you can besides he has already won everything, he is a hall of famer and cosidered as the best player in the NFL history, at least by many 
I don't think anyone will ever break his record. Although it will give a lot of players something to try for. I would like to see a woman meet the eligibility requirements. That would be interesting!
It would be interesting I agree with you, but it does seem unlikely to happen
I don't know what they would do about the locker room. They would have to have a separate one, maybe. I don't think it will ever happen either. 
Thats a logistic problem, but I think its the least of their worries lol,  football players are really strong a takle must hurt a lot, even break a bone or two
Yes those piles they end up in must be damaging, especially if you are on the bottom. Most women have smaller bones than men. It would be a recipe for disaster.
A recipe for disaster that is a sure thing, I would like to watch that, 
I would not want to see it! Maybe that's why no woman has met the requirements! Although, there is only 11 minutes worth of live play in a game.
Only 11 minutes? wow, it does seem like a lot longer than that
That's the coaches trying to figure out what happened and the ads-lol
but only 11 minutes? thats a hard thing to believe are you sure you have the fact right?
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Hi there, yes I do. DO you have a favorite team or player?
Actually yes, I like Brady a lot and you?
Nice same here. DO you know what his favorite ice cream flavour is?
Yes it is avocado and I am not surprised the guy is very health conscious
Yes exactly. He wrote a book also  so he is an author as well now
Yes he wrote the Athelete's Bible, The TB12 Method. I have yet to read it though
Yeah me too and I am curious to watch the documentary series Tom vs. Time. Have you seen that?
I have not but will keep an eye on that. Did you know U of Iowa painted their locker room for the visitors?
I wonder what effect that has though really. Do you know what the highest score in the college football is?
Yes it was 222-0 and Georgia Tech totally crushed Cumberland
Yeah what a game that must have been. Did you hear about NFL using tracking chips on the players now?
Yes they are tracking all sorts of stuff now like velocity and rotation and such
Yeah exactly I hope they can use those stats to make the game safer too
I hope so too. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Yeah he used to play for Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career
Yeah what a career. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
That is so weird. I hope it goes away soon. The worst part is that they have to leave mid meal too
Yeah that has to go. Do you know much about the Bible?
I know that it has sold 5 billion copies and is one of the most influential books in history
Yeah that is true and it was part of the education system until 1963.
Hi how are you today? Do you like football?
Yes! It is a very popular sport around the world! Some of best male and female athletes in the world play football.
Tom brady has show on facebook watch. Its interesting.
Tom Brady? Who is he? What country does he play for?
Ton Brady is an american foot ball player. He played with the new england patriots. Do you know who they are? 
There are not many Americans that play football. He must be quite good. I didn't know that there was a soccer team in New England. 
No they are in the United States. They are just named for the new england colonized states.
The United States is a very big country, so it should have many soccer teams. The Tom Brady player is famous for his soccer skills? Has he scored many goals? 
Yes Brady is sort of a messiah figure for a lot of his fans. He is known for his gruff demeanor and ragamuffin fashion sense.
He sounds like a Jesus figure. Does he have long hair and flowing robes?
LOL no he does not. Americans are weird the way we show support.
Oh, ok then. I guess he is not a Biblical figure. He is probably a great athlete who is admired by many. Have you heard of the Bible?
Yes andf absolutely. Do you believe in the bible?
I understand that it contains many deep and abiding truths, but many more are out that are not known or understood. I think people like Tom Brady have found those truths.
I think its probably definately the most sold book of all time.
I figure the guy who wrote it must have made a ton of cash on royalties at this point. 
Well  yea I know its always been used at the presidential signing in and only 2 times it has been excluded.
I guess those two times, somebody forgot to bring the Bible, or at least the right one. The Bible probably needs to be a certain size to have the right amount of power,
Yes Its been good talking to you.
Who, me? Oh, thanks! That's very nice of you. Stay biblical. Take care.
Thanks you too.
Are you okay with talking about the bible?
Yes, I am happy to talk about the Bible. Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for US students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
I feel that is a bit forced since people should have the option to learn about any religion they wish. However, it can be essential for people to learn to help understand the perspectives of other individuals
It is important to understand other perspectives. Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible, cutting out the 'supernatural' parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection. He wanted to see religion in humanist terms. That is another perspective worth taking.
I wonder how much of the bible was even left after the edits
That's true. Other presidents have had a similar view of the Bible. Presidents Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution. 
I think that is a very symbolic gesture 
The Bible does seem to have connection to historical fact. The biblical Tower of Babel was likely based on a real building, the Etemenanki in Iraq. I wonder what it looks like.
I wonder how accurate the events depicted in the bibles are or if they are more like instructive stories
True. The language is quite different, and describes a different times. For example, an apple only became known as an "apple" when the bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century. The reason: the word "malus" means both apple and evil. That is an interesting coincidence.
I wonder how much of the meat was lost in translation of the bible
It's a good question. There are 5 billion copies out there. It's a popular book.
Even if it is popular, if it was incorrectly translated then all 5 billion copies are too. Kind of like the game of telephone
Very true. Where is the truth in it all? Lost in translation. Kind of like the Tower of Babel: incoherence.
I wonder if the etemenanki is really the biblical tower of babel, the significance that would have.
Could be. Probably evidence in the Bible helps, but is sparse. 
Do you think the flood happened?
The flood could have happened locally, but the creation of an arc sounds oddly metaphorical. Mount Ararat does exist. 
What is mount ararat?
That is supposedly the place where Noah's Ark came to rest after the flood waters receded. 
Oh, thanks for explaining. Thank you for this interesting discussion.
Are you a Tom Brady fan?
I respect some of his accomplishments and despise some of his tactics.  However, I have heard about the Chopra series about him
I did to i haven't seen it though. Have you? Apparently he has a plan for his life that involves avocado ice cream.
He and his wife both eat healthy and exercise.  His "Bible" is for athletes and his lifestyle is productive for them.
Yeah i just can't get behind terms like messiah and in bill will trust. i do think he is a great quarterback though enough to be spoken about with some of the greats.
No doubt.  He has won 6 Super Bowls.  Even though he and his coach have been caught cheating, it is still a great accomplishment.  You can't argue with "Do Your Job" as an approach.
To funny! i hear the coach keeps him on the injured list even though he is not. 
The coach tries to keep the opponents guessing.  A writer claims that the Brady book is creepy and is cultlike.
Now it makes since. I see were the term messiah is coming from. It's amazing to think that bowlers at one time made twice as much as top nfl players.
True.  The NFL has done a great job of marketing to increase the value of their product.  There are now 32 teams.
Divided equally among the NFC and the AFC your right.
They play 16 games in a regular season, but they spread it over 17 weeks to get more revenue.
Well it's all about the money. Do you know what the highest scoring game was?
Well, in college, my team Oklahoma beat Texas A & M by 77-0.  Was that it?
No but that is impressive. It was in 1916 and the score was 220-0. can you tell me who played?
Probably Alabama or Clemson.
Georgia Tech and Cumberland, Cumberland lost.
I see.  You know, one of the other things that the NFL did to make money was to have a lot of teams make the play-offs.  A total of 6 teams make it.
Wow after each team plays 16 games with one bye week. 
Yes.  They have a wild card game against the division winner with the worst record, then an 8 team single elimination tournament ending in the Super Bowl.
Yes held in the first week of February i'm getting excited and we still have a year to go, lol. You know the average live game only has 11 minutes of real game play?
I like college ball better.  It probably has 16 minutes with 40 percent more plays.  Nice chatting!
hey there do you like Tom Brady? I love him I'm glad he wrote a book
Hey there, I like him too he is a great player. And he seems to like avocado icre cream a lot
haha I want to eat that! its crazy that he's 40 and still in that good shape, must be the avocado!
Maybe they say it is super healthy. I guess his book is being dubbed as the Athlete's Bible.
yup you're right, do you watch a lot of football games btw?
I do from time to time but I am not fully dedicated. How about you?
ya I watch the big games and we have parties sometimes, but I don't really follow a team, I just like teams that win like the patriots haha
hahah well good choice there then. Do you know about their former QB Benjarvus?
ya he was a former player, he never fumbled the ball, he's the man! Do you know about the highest scoring football game ever
Yeah that was a good day for Georgia Tech who beat CUmberland 222-0.
yup, imagine how dissappointed youd be if you wore a cumberland shirt that day haha, I wish bowlers still made 2x of football players that woudl be fantastic!
Yeah that would be more fun. we would all be heading to the bowling alleys. Maybe engineering that still pays more than football
ya I think they do actually! over their lifetime anyway, more than nfl and mlb players!
Yeah, and well deserved money too. Did you know they are using tracking chips on the players now?
I saw that, its only on the field and they use it for stats, but its still scary, I hope they disable the chips off field
Well they are implanted in the shoulders pads so unless they are wearing their uniform outside as well. Hope they can use that to make the game safer too
ya I agree! hopefully they don't track the players off the field either, the saints would probbly use it to track the locations of their cheerleaders
Yeah them and that strange rule of theirs. I think it is so unfair that they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant
ya I agree, they should probably sue for discriminition, do you know if those rules are the same with other nfl teams?
I think they are the only team. What I find most disturbing s that they have to leave even mid meal if a player walks in
ya that would be really annoying and a waste of money, how often do you read the bible btw?
Do you enjoy sports?
I love them.  Especially the NFL.  Did you hear about Tom Brady's health plan?
Do you mean his new book?
Yes.  "The TB12 Method".  He credits it with helping him to stay on top of his game.
I wonder if that is actually a thing or something he made for the book
I'm not sure.  He had a good documentary called "Tom vs Time".  After I watched it, it changed my view of him.  Before that I didn't care for him...mainly because like he seems to win alot.  After watching it though, I realized how much work he puts into his craft and deserves all the credit he gets.
What made your opinion of him change?
Seeing how much mental and physical work that he puts in during the offseason.  
That makes sense. It is amazing how much effort people put in to be the very best
Yes.  Did you know the highest scoring game in fooball was in 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
Either the winning team were that good or vice versa
Yes.  lol.  In the 1960 top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of that era.
Man how times have changed
Yes.  Did you know that what outside of the united states soccer is called football in other parts on the world?
Yes, that is why football and american football confused me for a time
Understandable.  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled in his NFL career.  That's a pretty impressive stat line.
Ya. Today the nfl even puts chips in players shoulderpads and the footballs themselves for data
That's crazy.  lol  The average actual gameplay in an NFL game is only 11 minutes!
Ya but there is so much going on in those dozen or so minutes espn even won an emmy for making the yellow first down line to help the audience digest the information easier
Interesting!  I never knew that.  How many teams are there in the NFL?
I am not sure of the exact number but I think it is around 30? In any case, thanks for chatting.
Did you know that there is a TV series about the "religion" of football practiced by Tom Brady.
That's crazy. People are really passionate about football, I guess. Did you know another Patriots player, Benjarvus Green-Ellis, never fumbled the ball once in his entire career?
That is so rare!  Brady and his wife both eat and exercise for optimum life style and performance.  They even eat avocado ice cream
That sounds delicious! I wonder if she'd ever play football? Did you know women are technically allowed to play in the NFL?
I suppose we might see a woman kicker some day.  Gotham Chopra produced the TV series on Brady I was talking about.  "Tom" versus 
Nice, I wonder if they'll win an Emmy for it. ESPN won one for the implementation of that superimposed yellow line.
I love that line!  The series is so parallel religion that they said "In Bill We Trust" talking about the Patriot's coach.
I think I agree with that columnist from the Boston Globe who called his following a little cultlike.
I agree.  Of course he has delivered more than any coach in history.  Do you read any of the versions of the real Bible?  The Christian, the Jewish or the Catholic?
No, I don't. I probably would be like Teddy Roosevelt or John Quincy Adams at my swearing in ceremony; neither of them used Bibles.
We are different then.  I teach from the Christian Bible once per week.  It is odd that the New Testament is written in Koine Greek while Jesus and the disciples spoke Aramaic.
Have you ever to Iraq to see the building in Iraq they believed was the Tower of Babel?
I have seen photos of it.  Of course I believe that God divided the people into over 7000 languages there about 100 years after the flood.  In Mandarin, where words are made by drawing, the word for ship is 3 pictures, a container, a mouth meaning people because only people talk, and the number 8.  There were 8 people on Noah's Ark.
That's a lot of information! I just recently learned the world apple is only called an apple because of when the Bible was translated into Latin. Malus in Latin means both apple and evil.
That would be a strange set of translations.  Am I evil or am I an apple.  Thomas Jefferson created a unique version of the Bible by cutting out all of the supernatural parts with a razor blade.
Wow, things were different back then! I can't believe students in the US were required to study the bible in school before 1963.
That is awful.  I like that Bill of Rights that states that the government shall not establish a religion.  Reading the Bible in public schools goes to far in that direction.
Definitely. But in the 60s, bowlers made twice as much money top football players, so the times were very different!
Yes.  You have to respect the marketing job that the NFL has done to make their product so valuable.  Of course, better TV pictures developed at the same time.
Yeah, the technology has changed a bit, too. They now have tracking chips embedded in the shoulder pads and footballs to track them!
Yes.  Technology makes it better!  Nice chat.
Are you a football fan?
Yes, I'm.  I like watching NFL games.  Are you familiar with NFL?
I am. I watch all of them, well as many as I can anyway. Do you have a favorite team?
49ers because I used to live in San Francisco.  They belong to the NFL.
The 49ers have had their winning streaks but lately they have fallen on hard times. I am a Hawks fan so I see SF twice a year. The only team I don't have any feelings for are the Pats. I don't like Brady or Belichick.
Why don't like Brady.  I thought he was talented.  I am not a fan of the Pats though.
He is extremely talented, as is the coach but there have been too many accusations against them it causes one to wonder. Also everyone likes to see a hero fail, unless he's your hero that is.
I understand.  I heard that Brady had a spiritual quest.
So I understand. He looks upon football as a religion in it's own right. Perhaps that's why he's so good at it.
Perhaps.  Someone suggested that I watch Facebook Watch about him.  Do you know what it is?
I know less than nothing about Facebook. I don't have an account or care to have one but my kids all have one. It's how they keep in touch. I wonder what Brady has on FB?
Showing people what is meaningful in his life.  I'm not his fan.  So, I might not watch him on the Facebook watch.
I suppose it is good to seek spiritual awareness, it just seems some what odd to look for life's meaning on a football field.
True.  How many teams are in the NFL league?
I believe that there are 32 at the current time. They might not expand again for a long time if ever. I say the more the merrier. it makes the teams have more parity which would lead to more interesting games.
I agree with you.  But the team owners might not want more competition.  By the way,  I heard that the NFL has no written role against female players.
They don't? Boy that would have to be a very tough woman. I wonder if we'll ever see that? Why not a women's league for that matter?
It would be hard for any female candidates to meet the league's eligibility requirements.  I do not think I will see female players joining the NFL in my life time.  I'm old.
I am also over the hill. I don't expect to see women players either. They do have a woman ref now though so maybe after we're gone they will get there, not that I'm anxious to leave soon.
Apparently, an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.   I was surprised.
So was I but when you stop and think about it, it makes sense. Most plays only take seconds to complete. The rest of the time is ads and huddles.
You are right.  I guess 11 minutes of gameplay makes sense.  I've got to run now.  It was sincerely nice chatting with you.
Hello, do you watch the NFL much?
I do, football is one of my favorite games
Nice. me too. Did you know women can play too?
I didnt know that fact, they can? well its a game with alot of contact so it seems a bit unfair for woman
Well I would still be able to see that happen, it might just make the game more interesting
Could be, football is a dangerous game, it would make me sick watching a man tackling a woman, theres just too much difference in strength there
Yeah that is a good point. There are only 11 minutes of game play though
That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.
Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players
They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now
Yeah football has really surpassed it now. But engineers still make more money over their lifetime. 
Well football players have short careers so it does make a bit of sense, engineers also make a lot of money, especially the really good ones
Yes that is true. Have you heard of that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that
I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in
Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually, 
I hope so too. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
The sacred book with the word of God, of course I do, I am really religious, what about you?
Oh I see, I am not really but I do know some facts about the Bible, like how it was part of the education system until 1963
Good thing it's not part of the current education system. After all, religion is a choice, and not all religions are the same
Exactly I totally agree with that. We are free to decide what we choose.
Hello there, do you watch the NFL
Hello, yes I do . DO you know Tom Brady, the Patriots guy?
Sure do, he is my favorite player. DO you know he is a book author too?
Yeah the Athlete's Bible. I have not read it yet but seems to be making its rounds 
Yes that and also the documentary series Tom vs. Time. I want to watch those as well
That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried
Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers
Cannot blame them, engineers make more over their lifetime
There you go. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s as well
How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?
Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though. 
I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions 
That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?
I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there
Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world
Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?
Yes, he went as far as to use a razor to cut out the supernatural parts off of it
Yeah he sure did. And Roosevelt and Quincy also did not use it to swear in as presidents
They must have really been nonreligious people. Up until 1963 it was part of the curriculum in school though
That is pretty recent, Glad it is not anymore though, religion is a choice.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?
Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?
Yes, but I don't know if it's safe for them to play against 250-300 lb men.  
Yeah it can be rough certainly. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of active game play though?
I read about that and the math and time just doesn't even out. Especially divided into four quarters. 
Well it only takes into account the active game play, when they are running around. Not sure though if that is the case
Still, the active game play should be longer than eleven minutes. It takes me almost that long to eat a meal! Hahaha. Just my opinion.
Yeah I am not too sure about that. Did you know ESPN won an EMmy once?
Yes I wonder what was used at the beginning of NFL before espn came up with the idea?
Nothing I think, and when they invented the yellow line it made our game watching easier too. 
Yes I agree with you, I sit on my sofa and all I focus on is that line for the first down, because I know that important for a team, the first down.
Yeah exactly. Do you know what the highest score in nfl game is so far?
No, I don't, do you know? If yes do you remember who and who were they playing?
It was 222-0 and Georgia Tech seemed to really crush Cumberland!
Oh, you said nfl, the 222-0 was college football, georgia Tech vs Cumberland.
Oops my bad there, sorry. Still quite a win for Georgia Tech. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I know pretty good, but not that much, I read a lot of verses, I like psalm. 
Oh I see. Did you know it was part of the educational system in the years up to 1963?
No I didn't know that, did you know Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible?
Yeah the guy was so against the supernatural that he used a razor to cut those parts off
wow just to think about that and Apple became known as apple when the bible translated into latin.
Yeah and too coincidental that malus means both apple and evil. 
Hi!  Are you a football fan?
Yes I am, how about you?
I watch a little here and there, but not that much.  I hear Brady has a whole method too.
Yeah I was looking at that, I guess he has a book. I might read it, he's been pretty successful.
His method even includes lots of Avocado Ice cream.  I havent tried that, have you?
No and I'm trying to imagine what it would be like. I'm willing to try almost anything. Would you try it?
I would, I like avocado and guac, so I might like that too.
Okay, well if I eat avocado ice cream should I do it with a spoon or scoop it with doritos?
Why not try both?  Doritos could even make a nice topping.
Sure, and then we could add a little salsa. I think we've got something here. We could put it on the market.
It could be our ticket to fame, our way to make our millions!
Yes it could. You never know these days what could be the ticket. I think most people who make it big just fall into it by accident.
Some do, some make it honestly by talent.  Like Green-Ellis who never has fumbled in his career.
That is quite an accomplishment. He'd be the guy I'd want on the other end of the rope if I was rock climbing.
He's also on the Patriots, so Brady has an awesome pair of hands to get the ball in.
Right, it takes more than one person to be a team. 
And a good leader too,  there is the motto, in Bill we Trust!
It all has to come together. I am constantly amazed that in most sports it is not always the best team that wins. But is an intangible ingredient.
It really is that is why some fans think of Brady as a Messiah.
Well, you can't argue with his success.
Very true, he has had tons of it!  Great Chat, but I must get going.  Have a good night!
Same here, good night.
Football sure is a great sport, its like a religion to many,
Agreed. It is a religion and also a sport. Many worshippers on Sunday find relief through football.
I  know I belong to that group, I love sundays because of football, do you have a favorite team?
I do not have a favorite. I sometimes root for the underdog in the super bowl out of spite.
The underdog is my favorite as well, I hate the Patriots, they always win
They win because they are powered by hatred. Be advised. They are nefarious.
They are, Brady is a great QB I have to give them that
Brady is the crux of their power. If he goes down according to bibiical prophecy, the rest of the team must fall.
That is a profecy I want to see get fulfilled, NFL should be more competitive not just the Patriots and some other team
There is a time of reckoning among the teams, as told in the Book of Revelation. I expect that the NFL will have to come to terms with the truth as told.
Well the Patriots have a great coach as well so that is hard to tell,
I figure BIll must be in on the power of the prophecy. That is his secret to winning. 
I havent heard about that profecy, can you illustrate me?
It was told that certain leaders pure of heart and true to the Word would lead teams to victory on the field of battle. They would lead their armies with a cross of gold. Bill has that cross.
Wow that sounds like an interesting story, well have to see if it becomes tru, did you read one of Bradys books?
I did not. I know the prophecy and it has come true, but not completely, there is much to come, and Bill will reveal himself through his Patriots.
Sounds like you know a lot about that prophecy, sounds interesing
I am just an acolyte, not a true follower of the NFL prophecy, which is given to many but understood by few. I hope that next Super Bowl shows us the truth.
I hope it does I cant stand the Patriots in another Superbowl
The prophecy will be fulfilled in its time, whether we hope or not. 
May the God of the NFL bless you then. 
Hey!  Are you a football fan?
Hello, I love football! how about you?
I watch a little here any there.  
Are you a Tom Brady fan? I have his book, it is basically the new bible!
Really, Id be interested to read it.  It does sound a little extreme at some times.
I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?
I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.  
yikes, I am sorry to hear that, lol. I am a vikings fan and they blew it this year. Did you know the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of gameplay?
It takes SOOO long for those 11 minutes to happen too.
For sure, between the commercials, half time, and timeouts, it is sooo long. Did you know most engineers make more money overtime than nfl players
That is good to hear, I wish more people knew that.  That way some more people would go into a focused program to help the world.
For sure! Did you know those same engineers developed chips to track data in shoulder pads of NFL players?
That is really neat, I think it would be cool to see the data from those. Look at how hard they get him.
for sure. Do you have a favorite college football team?
I do.  I root for Florida State.
They were my favorite growing up. Now it is the Iowa Hawkeyes. They have pink locker rooms for visiting teams.
That must be a shock for people when they walk in to it.
For sure, it is for calming their opponents, get the upper advantage, which is some psychology stuff.
I know that is a big part of the game.  Being able to come back from losses and stuff like that.
For sure, sometimes they need that. Great chatting with you!
You too!  Have a good night!
Hi there, are you a fan of the NFL?
No not really, are you a fan of the NFL?
Not a fan but I watch some of the games. Did you know women can play too?
I actually did know that, I wonder if there was ever a female player in the league, 
I do not think there has been one yet but you never know. They only have to be put through 11 minutes of game play
Only 11 minutes really? I guess thats one of the reasons I dont like the game, do you know that QB with the last name Brady?
Yeah he is the legend of Patriots. And he is also the author of a book now
Really so not only a football legend but also a writer? He must be a really smart person.
It seems that way and he surely loves lots of avocado ice cream. I guess that is how he stays healthy
Avocado is a healthy meal choice, not sure if its healthy as an ice cream but if it worked for a pro player then I guess it is.
Yup exactly. Do you know what the highest score in  a football game is?
No, what is the highest score in a game of football?
It is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland, what a game
That is humiliating. There's no way to fight back a result like that one.
Yeah for sure. Now they are using tracking chips on the players during the games
I heard about those they provide unique stats about the game, theres also chips in the footballs, thanks to those chips things like velocity, rotation and location can be known with more precision
That is pretty advanced right there. On another topic , do you know much about the Bible?
Yeah I am a religious person, the bible is a collection of sacred texts, the word of God
Oh so must know more stuff then. I heard it was part of the education system until 1963.
That seems unfair for kids with other religious backgrounds, religion shouldnt be a mandatory thing
Exactly, it is a choice. Jefferson apparently created his version of the Bible.
He did? Jefferson was a really smart person, I  wonder what is different from the original version, 
Good morning!  Are you a football fan?
I am a football fan, what about you? 
I'm a fan!  Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for creating the yellow superimposed first down line on tv?
Yeah, I heard it seems like that is pretty cool. 
The University of Iowa's visitors locker room was painted completely pink.  Must have been to relax the players so they wouldn't have that mean edge on the field?
Yeah, you have to wonder if that actually works. I suspect it just makes the other team more angry. 
You would think lol  It might also be for breast cancer awareness, which I think could possibly be inspiring.  Do you know what the highest score ever was for a football game?
I'm not sure, just a wild guess, but was it 222-0?
You got it!  What a blowout.  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career while with New England.
Interesting, is he the best running back ever?
No.  He wasn't.  Just you don't see something like that in football where a player can play for a long time and not fumble.  Even the great ones fumble a few times a year.
Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent. 
Isn't that crazy?  I didn't know that.  Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone.  Sign me up. lol
Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here? 
I think that's really cool.
I wonder what station it is actually on? 
I don't know but I'm going to look it up.  Do you know about the Canadian radio law?
No, what does it say? 
40 percent of the music played on there has to be Canadian artists.  Kind of neat I think.
Interesting, I wonder why nobody naturally wants to listen to that? Well, nice chatting with you. 
I had a good time!  Have a great day!
Would you be much of a fan of Mr. Brady, the quarterback?
I would call myself a fan. I admire his skill and level of devotion. Six super bowl rings doesn't hurt. You?
I don't really know much about football, I know enough to now who he is and his accomplishments, but aside from that it all a bit of a mystery.
He is a very good quarterback from a very good system, and he ha ben doing it for a very long time.
It's my understanding that he, and also he team is disliked by many, is this just jealousy?
Mostly. People suspect his team has cheated but have no proof.
So would you be in the market to buy this new book of his, The TB12 Method?
Nah, I would rather not read his book. Nothing against him and his method, but the man makes enough money and I dont need his advice.
I was fascinated to find out bowlers used to make more than footballers in the sixties.  Tom must me grateful he was in a more lucrative era.
Oh definitely. I also see that a very long named player never fumbled. That's quite an accomplishment!
You think all of these pro footballers are set for life with money, but I guess that is only when you think of the stars.  The average player will make less than an engineer during a working life.
Yea ,they tend to have 1 or 2 year careers and pay a lot in taxes.
I'd hope it was an advantage that they went to college.  They probably don't come out of college with debt like most students.  They also probably have doors open to them in the local community once they've finished.
Sure! Generally reasonably well known. Many start their own business based on their reputation.
I hear there's this documentary about Mr Brady, interested?  Or is it just a self promotion thing with little content?
I honestly dont know. I would be interested in hearing stories from his teammates and coaches though.
You're right, I never enjoy hearing people talk about themselves, all they present is what they want you to think of them.  A truer picture is what others have to say.
Though I think they will call him and Belichick good leaders who have very high expectations, which isnt a bad thing in football!
How many years can he carry on.  I can't see avocado ice cream making too much of a difference.  Eventually time catches up with everyone.
He has been injured ,but he is also good at not taking hits, which are usually what will cause the biggest problems. Avocado ice cream sounds good though, doesnt it?
I don't know about the ice cream, maybe the taste is better than my imagination makes it out to be.  If it keeps me young I'll eat anything.
Haha me too. Good chatting with you
hello, do you watch the NFL?
Hi there, yes I sure do. Do you have a favorite player?
I do, I really like TOm Brady he is a very well rounded player. ANd you?
Nice me too. Did you know he is a book author now as well?
Yeah he wrote the Athlete's Bible, TB12 Method. Heard it is really good but have not read it yet.
I have not read it either and I am also looking forward to his documentary Tom vs Time.
Ah me too. Do you know his favorite ice cream flavor?
I hear it is avocado which makes sense since he is so health conscious
Exactly. Di you know women can play in the NFL?
Yes as long as they meet the requirements. Do you know engineers get paid more than them though?
That is pretty interesting I guess a career in engineering is better then for everyone
It does seem that way. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes it was Georgia Tech beating Cumberland 222-0. What a game
Oh man that is insane for sure. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once, and what for?
Yes it was for the superimposed yellow line. They deserve it very much
You bet It has made watching the game at home much easier and understandable
Exactly. Yup pretty much. U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink. Not sure what that was supposed to do
Yeah I do not know what the reason is there either. Do you know who Benjarvus Gree-Ellis is?
Isn't he a former Patriots rb who never fumbled the ball?
Yup exactly him. What a legend. Did you know they are using tracking chips on the players now?
Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and such. Pretty cool if you ask me
It sure is. Hope they can use that to make the game safer too
Hello there, do you watch the NFL?
Hi, no I don't watch it.  Do you?
Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.
That's funny.  Do you think that was done to humiliate their opponents? 
I think that is it, and trying to get into their heads and distract them. Do not think it has worked very well though
Ha-ha.  I'm guessing they don't have a good team.  Weird to think that bowlers used to make more than NFL stars.  That's changed!
I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.
Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916.  What color do you think their visiting locker was? 
Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yes!  Why on earth would that be a rule?  Do you think its a superstition thing?  Makes no sense.  
It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird
Yeah, that is odd to say the least.  So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?  
Yeah they are using them to track velocity, rotation and such. I hope they can use that data to make the game less dangerous 
Me too.  Safety is a big concern for them.  Only 11 minutes of action in a game, though.  That's a lot of standing around
That sure is, and yet we are glued to the TV for so long. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
No, I do not know who he is
He is a former Patriots QB who never fumbled the ball in his career, what a guy.
Man, that's a heck of an accomplishment! He has to be the only guy in NFL history that can make that claim. 
I know that is pretty cool. On another topic do you know much about the Bible?
Not too much about it.  I do know that Thomas Jefferson created his own version of it. 
Yeah he removed all the supernatural things as he did not believe in them. Nice chatting with you. 
Hey! How are you? Are you aware of TB12 Method by Tom Brady?
i know who tom brady is and that he recently won the super bowl but whats tb12?
yes, it's him. It's like athlete bible, but it sounds for me as marketing and I'm wondering will it be good idea to buy books or not. I've never met someone who use it in daily life.
I think he's a good quarterback but apparently some fans call him a messiah. Some also say the book has cultist aspects. 
yes, it could be. Are you football fan?
I enjoy football. 17 regular weeks with one bye. 
I was always surprised why this is only 17 weeks. Do you know any reasons why regular season is just 17 weeks?
Seems long enough then the play offs and the super bowl. Have you heard of the show Tom vs. Time?  
I've heard something. It was 2018, right? Have you watched?
No I've never seen it sounds interesting but I'm getting conflicting information about it. Some say about his book it's a bit cultist. 
I honestly don't know. Do you know that the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0?
Yeah i think i heard about that it was back in 1916. was it college or professional? 
It was Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland. I just cannot imagine the game. 
I can't imagine the bus ride home, lol! Iowa state painted there visiting locker room pink.
Good point about ride home. If I was in this team, I would stay home for about 1 month. I also didn't get idea about pink color. What do you want to achieve? Ok, room is pink and what? Is it funny? Just didn't understand this point.
I believe it's some kind of psychological thing, i guess. Hey did you know that bowlers at one point made twice as much as top nfl players?
I had no idea about that. It's quite funny. I was also surprised that the lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than NFL player. I'm happy it's like this, because engineers are more important for any society, but anyway I was sure players make a lot of money.
You right, i agree they are more important to our society. However give the choice i'll take 10 and out with millions rather than 40 and out with million!
Yes, it sounds reasonable. Quick question. Do you read Bible?
I do the king James, you?
Not really. It was nice to chat with you. Have a good one!
It's a good read the bible is the divine inspiration of God written by men. 
I have been a Pats fan for over 30 years.  Do you like football?
I like it sometimes, but I only watch a few games per season
My favorite player is Tom Brady.  Love or hate, you cannot doubt his dedication to the game
That's true. I've heard he even wrote an "athlete's bible" about the sport
Yes, he seems to have it made his life's mission to play until he is at least 45.  I was surprised to learn recently that former Pats running back Benjarvus Green Ellis has never fumbled during a football game his entire career.
I'm not sure if he played at the same time as Tom Brady, but if Brady was his QB, that might be why
It also might be due to the coach, Bill Belicheck who hates fumbles and will bench a player he doesn't trust.
Also true. It's a good thing he wasn't the coach for Cumberland back in 1916 then. I don't think he would have tolerated losing by 220 points
Hey, what do you think of the University of Iowa's painting the visiting locker room pink?
I think it's funny, but I'm not sure if it would do much to deter the other team
True, they would probably laugh and forget about it.  I love the yellow line on football TV games.  It makes it so easier to the see where you need to get to for the first down.  Did you know ESPN invented it?
I heard they even got an Emmy for that nifty invention. I would have voted for them too on that one
Do you think woman should be allowed to play in the NFL?  I don't think the NFL has a rule against woman players as long as they meet eligibility requirements
I don't think there should be a rule against it, and it would be cool to see one brave woman try it
I heard that there is a female kicker who might be the first to try soon.
That's awesome for her to make history like that! She may not make more than an engineer in her lifetime though
I think it is pretty silly that a New Orleans Saints cheerleader has to leave a restaurant if a Saints player comes in.  That seems ridiculous.
I think it's any NFL player. Maybe it was a rule caused by a past problem, and that was the only solution
Perhaps, but the solution to a problems is never separating one group from another and treating them like a lower class.  I was surprised to learn recently that an NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
I guess with all the calls and breaks in between, it would come out to about that. Of course, the game would be a bit longer if it goes into overtime
True, it was good talking to you
Definitely! It's always fun learning new things about football
bye
Hi, there! We've got a really great chat lined up for us! How are you? Do you believe in NFL football?
I love the game, I love the players so yeah, I go believe in the game and its potential, what about you my friend
I have great faith in football and its greatest incarnation, the NFL. I think that it is the fulfillment of prophecy.
Do you know who Tom Brady is? he sure has an interesting way to see the sport.
Tom Brady? Is he coach for the New York Patriots? 
No he is the QB of the Patriots, his one of the best players I have seen.
I guess he must have a pretty good arm then. How far can he throw it? 200 yards?
I dont think thats possible lol, but who knows, he is like a messiah for a lot of fans so maybe he has a mechanic arm 
He is a Messiah. Does he have his own Bible? Asking for a friend.
No its just a metaphor or it seems that way, there is an interesting documentary called Tom vs Time, it has interesting behind the scenes content
Tom has a fight with Father Time? That doesn't seem fair. Father Time is practically elderly. I guess this Tom guy picks a lot of fights metaphorically.
Yeah, I can see your point, did you ever hear about that player that never fumbled the ball? I cant recall his name but he played for the Patriots
Thanks, I can see your point too. I agree. Why didn't he ever fumble the ball? Isn't that his job? I thought those guys were paid a lot of money.
No, he used to play in the RB position and not fumbling the ball ever is a really hard thing to do, too bad I cant recall his name but he's one of the best I have seen
I guess I just don't understand the game very good. Some players throw, some catch, some kick, so I thought maybe some of them fumbled. There isn't much in the Bible about football, so I don't follow the game too well.
I see well its a really interesting game, one of the negative things it that theres only 11 minutes of live gameplay per match, 
They should make the players play more. I figure that 12 or even 13 minutes should not be too much to ask for.
It's an odd fact, games tend to last for about 2 hours; there's a lot of breaks but only 11 minutes of gameplay seems unreal. I guess there's a lot I don't know about football.
Make the game four hours then. You can get more minutes of play out of those guys. 
I guess so I love football a game with 32 teams, 2 divisions, its a great game
It is a tremendous game, tremendously confusing to me. Beyond my scant knowledge from the Bible. Have a good one!
Are you familiar with the nfl?
I know a bit about the NFL and its one true star Tom Brady.
I also have a passing knowledge of football
Do you believe that the Patriots and Tome Brady specifically defy time and logic with 6 super bowl wins?
I mean they are like the lannisters of football for a reason
They pay their debts?  Some would say the team believes in the mantra, "Do your job"
Well the patriots are doing their job of winning phenomenally
It is kind of weird that people root for a team.  The out come of the game mean nothing.  Yet people come together under the Patriots banner and pray.
Well many fans are dedicated to sports and enjoy them so
In 1916 Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0.  I wonder if the Cumberland fans enjoyed that game.
If I was georgia tech, I would be laughing so hard
Is that in the spirit of the game, to laugh so hard.  Would Deepak Chopra approve?  
Who is deepak chopra?
A guru from India, the father of the guy making Tom Bradys TV show.  Somebody who wants you to live right.  Each NFL game has only 11 minutes of live game play.
Well I think living right is subjective. I understand that laughing at another team's failure isn't a good thing, but if I saw something like a untrained team losing due to their lack of practice, I probably wouldn't lose any sleep over it
Like the Lannisters, I suppose.  It is funny how time moves on for all but the foot ball messiah, Tom Brady is over 40.  How many more years will he be relevant.
I think at least until the next super bowl. He is keeping amazingly fit despite his age
Tom has said, "if your competing against me, you better be willing to give up your life." Does his drive have any bearing on his longevity?
I mean at the very least it shows the strength of mind and his dedication.
Yes, he is dedicated.  Would you like to see football with female players?  There is no rule against it.
I think they should start with a female league first. Considering that gender difference are similar to differences in weight class, it can be dangerous. In any case, thanks for chatting.
Hi, how are you? Do you know much about the Bible? Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their  education?
No, I did not know that students were required to read from the Bible.  I'm not religious even though I believe in God.  So, I may not be able to chat too much about Bible.
It's ok. There are all kinds of interesting facts about the Bible. For example, an apple only became known as an "apple" when the bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century. The reason: the word "malus" means both apple and evil. That is an interesting coincidence.
That was interesting.  I read that the Bible a collection of sacred texts that Jews and Christians consider.  I know that Christians use the Bible but why the Jews?
The first five books of the Bible are called the Pentateuch. It is the holy book of the Jews. 
I see.  Apparently Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible.  He cut out the supernatural parts of the Bible, such as miracles and the resurrection. 
He wanted to see religion in humanist terms. Other presidents have done similar things. Presidents Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution. 
I read about those two US presidents that did not use the bible at their swearing-in ceremonies but I did not know the reason.  Thank you for your clarification.  
Sure. The Bible has a long history and tradition, but some see the role of government as separate.
Separation between religions and government is in the Constitution.  It was understandable why the two presidents did not use the Bible.
I agree. They wanted to make their role clear. 
Apparently, the biblical tower of babes was most probably based on a real building, i.e., the etemenanki in modern-day Iraq.
I believe that. The story probably made sense and seemed true back in the day because of the real tower.
By the way, are you familiar with the NFL?  
I know a bit about it. I'm surprised that the NFL has no rule against female players. Women would be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
I do not think I will see female NFL players in my lifetime.  Football is very physical. 
It sure is. I would be surprised to see a woman in that sport. 
That's true.  Do watch NFL football games?
I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?
I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.  
It's an interesting sport and a good shared interest for a parent and child. Thanks for the chat! 
Thank you for teaching me the history of Bible.  Nice chatting with you.
Hello. Did you know that the U of IA's visiting locker room is pink? 
No i did not!  Are you are patriots fan?
I am not. I don't even like football very much. I know that Tom Brady has a weird obsession with avocado ice cream.
Tom bray is just weird overall!  LOL  Apparently some people follow him to the point where its a religious experience.
Crazy. Maybe they need a copy of Thomas Jefferson's bible.
Gosh i hope not!  You see the NFL has no written rule againsr female players in the league?
I did. Which is a good thing for all of the girls who are kickers on high school teams. Soccer sure pays off, more than cheerleading...if you are with the Saints.
Yeah, that's rediculous... i wouldn't leave!
Makes me wonder if the cheerleaders have those same tracking chips that the football players have in their shoulderpads.
Hahaaaaa... yeah... it's in everyones cell phones!
It's crazy that engineers earn more over their working lifetime, than football players. Maybe parents should be pushing that, instead of for their kids to be the next baller.
Well, i think it's because football players don't plan for their future!
Evidently not, since in the 60's pro bowlers made more than they did.
It is so funny how football players so quickly went from underpaid to overpaid in such a short period of time!
It truly is. What's weirder is that espn won an emmy for that superimposed yellow line.
That doesn't surprise me at all... that yellow line changed the game for the viewer immensely!
Did it really? i mean, there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay, so I guess they had to do something.
True... that's one of the craziest stats... can't believe there is that little of game time play!
I  can't either. High school games have more than that. It's weird that Depak Chopra named his son Gotham. He's always so serious, I cannot imagine him having that much of a creative side.
Who is Depak Chopra?
He's on CNN a lot. Thank you for chatting with me, have a lovely day.
You too... thanks!
Hello, So they say Tom Brady is the G.O.A.T. are you a football fan?
I am.  I would say that Tom Brady is probably one of the best of all time.  And at over 40, he is still one of the best
I had a class at U of M back in the 90's and Tom was in it. He wasn't what he is today at the time though. He was still spliitin reps with Drew Henson trying to secure his starting position. I honestly didn't know Tom wrote a book called Athlete's Bible. I will have to check that out and see what he has to say.
I would imagine alot of it is about his TB12 method of staying in shape and being at the top of his game
He seems to be more of a deep thinker these days, he says he wants to know the "why's" in life. I think we would all like to know those answers.
Maybe he wants to know why he went from a 6th round draft pick nobody to a surefire hall of famer.  He had the odds stacked against him quite a bit
Having watched him play at Michigan, he came along way. I think there is something to be said about Coach Belichick. Having won 6 Super Bowls is no easy accomplishment. 
True, he has done some amazing things and gotten the most out of his players over the last 20 years.  Even though he still dresses like a homeless person
Living in Big Ten country I was very familiar with the Iowa Hawkeyes  pink visiting locker room, but what they don't tell you is some schools will have an assistant get to the locker room early and cover all the walls in posters to cover the pink up. 
I am guessing the pink is meant to mess with the visiting team?  That seems like a strange tradition
I had no idea the NFL had no rules against female players. Could you imagine? A 270 lb defensive end would kill the poor thing. 
Well, they would still have to be eligible and also in strong enough physical condition to compete and be signed by a team.  
I've noticed they have mixed sports and religion in our reading section. They say the bible is the best selling book of all time. Religion and football are two of the biggest deals in the South. 
From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.  
You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl. 
Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.  
They are saying that an engineer has higher earnings over a lifetime of an NFL player, but I find that really hard to believe . The league minimum in 2019 is 495k. 
But players on average only play a couple of years in the NFL, an engineer will earn 6 figures for 20 or so years.  
I agree with what you are saying, but it's not like that player is never going to work again when he retires at 28 years of age. And some of those guys will play into their 40's like Tom Brady. Anyway I would like to thank you for chatting with me, and it looks like we have achieved our goal here.
Yes, but the average career in the NFL is less than 3 years, so that is roughly 1.5 million during their lifetime NFL earnings, much less than an engineer.
Keep in mind, that's the league minimum. 
Yes, but the majority of players in the NFL, backups and what have you play for around the league minimum.  Not to mention all the players on the practice squads.
Hello, are you a fan of avocado ice cream? Tom Brady is, and I've been wanting to try it.
I never tried it, I want to though.  It sounds good, and the fact that an extremely popular quarterback eats it makes it even more attractive.
I'm not an avocado fan, other than guac, but it does sound interesting. Unlike Brady's "athlete's bible".
If his book is not that interesting, at least maybe Chopra's documentary about him will be.
I cannot believe his father named him Gotham. I guess he and Brady have been friends for a while.
I can totally see how Tom Brady is like a spiritual figure, and that football is a spiritual experience.
Honestly, that all seems very narcissistic to me. Especially when you factor in how the Saints treat their cheerleaders, they aren't even permitted to dine in the same restaurant as the players. Totally archaic.
Yeah I agree.  That totally doesn't sit right with me.
Yet, the NFL has no rules about women players, as long as they meet the requirements.
If women did join, it would be quite eventful in history, since NFL is one of the major professional sports leagues in America.
Yet, in the 60's pro bowlers made more than a football player. 
A columnist for the Boston Globe thinks Brady's book is creepy.  Personally, him being a football player, I am curious what his book is like.
I agree with the columnist from The Globe. I don't get the cult worship of football players, and think its insane that ESPN won an emmy for superimposing a yellow line. 
Like the columnist for the Boston Globe said, Brady shouldn't be a spiritual figure.  He is a good football player, but nothing more should be expected.
I guess they should have used those tracking chips in the footballs, during "deflate gate". 
I think it's interesting that football means different things in different regions.  For example in some countries it means soccer.
Well, American football does only have 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Yeah, that is amazing too!  Such little time of game play, and yet the games are so memorable.
I don't think they are, after a while, they all blend together. The U of IA has a pink lockerroom. I think that is perfect for relaxation.
It is memorable that highest score in a football game was 222.
the georgia tech game, right? Thank you for chatting with me, enjoy your day.
Yes, that is right.  Thank you too.  Enjoy your day as well.
Hi, how are you? Do you know much about the Bible?
I've read it and I'm informed but not an expert.  I do know that the Tower of Babel is said to be an actual thing in Iraq.
I'm not surprised. There are many connections between the Bible and the real world. Did you know that an apple only became known as an "apple" when the Bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century?
Yeah, based on the word "malus" which can mean apple or evil.
So Eve was literally eating evil! Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
Those were the days.  They still should be IMHO.  Do you like Tom Brady?
I don't know much about him.
He's the QB for the New England Patriots.  He has a book out that's entitled "Athlete's Bible".  It was spiritual overtones.
I see. I guess he has a special way of doing things that he thinks other athletes should follow.
Yeah that's it on the most part.  Many have called it "spiritual" because of the wackiness of the fans. Many fans see Brady as a messiah figure. Crazy...
I guess people want to be in awe. They want something to believe in. 
Yeah, they say "In Bill we trust" referring to coach Belichick.  
I guess they could find a holy trinity in there and make an ersatz religion. 
Yeah, when it comes to football, I like college better.  My alma mater beat poor Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  Not too proud of that. 
I guess the coach wanted to make a point? "Don't put us on your schedule unless you mean it!" 
Ha, either that or they hated each other. The off-field games they play... Like the U. of Iowa having pink locker rooms for visitors. 
I don't think that has the impact that they're hoping for. Probably teams anticipate it.
Or vandalize it... I played in HS, it wouldn't have mattered to me.  
LOL. It's interesting that in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. I guess I could have tried bowling if I had been born at the right time.
Yeah.  It's also noteworthy that the NFL has no written rules against women playing.
I wonder if that matters. No women have tried up to now. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting! Have a good day!
Thanks, you too!
Hello, How are you? Do you like football?
Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!
Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?
The soccer? Yes, I was meaning the soccer. But there is the American one, the football, I mean. It has very little gameplay. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
That's not a lot of time. I like soccer as well! Who do you think would paint Iowas university visiting teams locker room pink? 
I think that it is a silly way to play with the minds of the other team. Not really work too well I think.
I think its a joke.  I can't see it really working. 
It cannot. Then everyone would do it if it did. The pink is cute but useless.
Yes, I agree. It was good that Espn won an award for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down.
They chose yellow. I wonder if they would have won if they chose pink.
I don't think so. Ha, ha, ha! Top bowlers made good money in the 1960's!
They sure did. I would rather bowl than play football. Fewer concussions.
For sure. Better for your body in the long run!
Except for the beer and pizza. That could be a problem. No problem sharing a restaurant with the cheerleaders.
Yes, what's that about. needs to change. I guess they think to much togetherness with the players and cheerleaders.
Players and cheerleaders are pros. No need to worry. 
I would think so. I wonder if those tracking chips would have made a difference with the inflated football.
I guess they would make a difference either way. Chips is chips. Parts is parts.
The inflatable football was such an ordeal at the time.
The football should never be tampered with. It is like a holy relic, sacrosanct.
Agree, Have a great day! Great chat!!
Yes, you too my friend! Stay inflated and chipper!
lol, that was good!
Are you a Tom Brady fan?
Not really, but I can respect his skills in football. Have you heard about how he's made football his religion?
Yeah i heard that still don't understand what it means. I respect his game though. Some type of method he has been credited for, the tb12.
I guess part of what it means is that football is where he finds his purpose. Maybe he'll stay involved in the sport even once he retires
The good ones do. I hear his shoe can be seen on facebook. Tom vs. Time
It's a documentary about his rituals in preparing for a new season. I wonder if other QBs will watch it for tips
I'm sure they will. i wonder how many have read his book. He appears to be a great example of radical commitment. 
People are even calling him the breacher of football. I mean, it does seem cultlike sometimes
Yeah well i just want to watch football but you can never be to careful. Iowa painted it's visiting locker room pink. why do you think that is?
Probably to psyche them out, though that wouldn't work on some teams
Right! Hey did you know that top bowlers made twice as much as top nfl players in the 60's?
Why is that? Was the NFL not as big yet at the time? I feel as if the popularity of television has made other sports more popular in recent decades
I guess. The 60's were something! You know what the highest scoring football game was?
220-0. I'm not sure how that math works based on what plays they made, but to not score anything is rough
I really don't think this looks any better 220-7 LOL!  It was played by Georgia Tech and Cumberland.
Of course it was a college game. I can't imagine that kind of score in the NFL
Can you imagine the bus ride home, man! Hey did you know that espn won an emmy award?
That first down line is both simple and genius though! Well-deserved if you ask me
I agree it made life that much more simple, i like simple! Another player that came out the New England Patriots was The RB that never fumbled the ball in his career. do you know him?
I'm not sure if I would recognize his face, but I know his name is Benjarvus Green-Ellis
Yup that's him. Good chatting with you. 
Hi, how are you doing? 
Hi, I'm doing well.  How are you?  Do you follow the NFL which is the national football league if you didn't know?
Thanks, I've heard of the NFL. Who hasn't? I don't watch it much, but it's hard to escape. It's unavoidable.
I like watching football.  I find it interesting that they divide teams into two conferences (AFC vs NFC).  Do you think 17 weeks of the regular is enough football in a season?
I figure that for a sports league, the number of weeks that keeps fans interested enough to spend money is probably long enough. Two conferences? I wonder why.
All sports have conferences when you think about it.  I think they could play more games from 16 to like 20.  It would bring in more money.
It would bring in more money, but would the fans gets bored? Would they watch more? Would the players accept the longer schedule for greater pay?
On average an NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Not sure if they are already bored.
I am impressed that there is so little action. Baseball games are like three hours and have 18 minutes of action. I guess the game allows for lots of commercial advertisements.
All sports tend to run long.  However fans come to watch their players.  Tom Brady would be mine since he went to Michigan.  He just came out with an athlete's bible called The TB12 Method, hear of it?
I have not heard of the The TB12 method. TB = Tom Brady. 12? Is his number 12?
Yes it is!  He goes into detail about what has kept him at the top of his game at age 40.  I would not really question it since he has won a lot of super bowls.
I guess he will be legend forever. He has earned it. He probably has written an interesting book. 
Brady is definitely a messiah figure for pats fans.  He puts in hard work and eats avocado ice cream while doing it.  :) 
I question the wisdom of the avocado ice cream, but he is a champion perhaps he knows a secret.
Well football has been around for a long time.  Back in 1916, the highest score ever occurred when georgia tech beat cumberland 220-0
I guess the Cumberland girls hadn't learned the fundamentals of the game. They got a lesson that day.
The should learn how to hold onto a football.  Former RB Benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled the football in his entire career.
He probably had giant hands, the size of steam shovels. I enjoyed chatting with you. You are a chatter. 
I have done a few of these HIT's before.  Football players should earn more money since it is violent.  Back in 1960, top bowlers make twice as much as football players.
I guess football players should earn money because of the violence. I thought that was something they loved, so maybe they don't care about getting paid for it. Bowlers should be rewarded for staying thin. That is their challenge. 
On average engineers make more money lifetime than an average nfl player.
That is great! Engineers should be rewarded for their hard work. 
You have the option to submit the HIT?
Do you watch football religiously?
I love football! The world loves football! It is played around the world!
Yeah! Around the world football is often referred to the sport we call soccer. Which do you prefer?
I prefer the one that is played by everyone, but the other sounds like it could be fun too. Have the American women won much?
Don't think there's a WNFL anywhere, even though females are technically allowed to play, how would you feel if you saw a female player in the nfl?
I would be happy that she found a job that she loved and could do. I think women can do many things. 
Yes they can but what the Saint's cheerleaders can't do is eat in the same facility as the football players, isn't that a little messed up?
What is a cheerleader? Do they not usually eat with the players?
You don't know what a cheerleader is? Not sure if they do or don't usually eat with the players.
Do they cheer the team? Then they are part of the team, as I think. I am surprised that they are not allowed to eat.
Yeah true they are champions and cheer for the team. The football players actually have tracking devices to monitor them.
To make sure that they do not eat with the cheerleaders? That seems like an invasion of privacy.
No, that would be a little bit over the top! The tracking devices are used to track things like velocity, rotation, ball speed when the football players play.
Oh, ok. I guess that is necessary for something.  I think that the game is more complex than I thought.
What do you think they do with that data? It is surprisingly complex considering the fact that there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
The game is only 11 minutes? That seems too short. Why so short?
My guess is to make time for advertisements, what's your guess?
I think that the players must need to rest a lot. It is a tiring business to run and run. The cheerleaders help, but it is not enough.
Maybe they need to be stimulated somehow with what the University of Iowa does to the locker rooms of visiting football teams by painting it pink.
I guess they could paint the field pink and make the uniforms pink. Is that a good thing?
That would be a very bright field, I think they'd need to reconsider their uniforms and add sunglasses to that
It would. It would hurt. I guess not then. Thank you for the chat and the teachings about american football.
You can try the TB12 method which is the athlete's bible to learn more.
How's it going, are you a football fan? Tom Brady recently released a book of his TB12 Method detailing his workouts and diet
He did? I bet it's a best seller. That guy has so many followers and fans. I don't know the TB12 Method though.
Yea the TB12 method is pretty popular, I guess he considers it part of his spiritual quest
He is on a spiritual quest? Isn't he already fully committed to a faith of some sort?
I guess Tom Brady considers football as his religion
He is both a devout worshipper and deity.
I can see how sport shares some things with religion like community and rituals
I think the people are thirsty for something to believe in. They crave it, like ice cream.
Well avocado ice cream might be nice but it's not as good as the real thing
I don't understand why someone would ruin something as wholesome as ice cream. Children's ice cream.
I don't know but apparently it's a major reason why Tom Brady still thinks he is playing at 40 years old
I guess everybody has faith in their own flavor of ice cream. I have stuck my 31 my whole life.
Yea, it's unfortunate Brady is preaching his TB12 method to others
That is the nature of preachery. It cannot be stopped. It spreads, like someone's waistline after eating lots of ice cream.
I wonder if Tom Brady makes teammates swear on his TB12 method like US presidents are sworn in on a bible, except for Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy
I bet TR and JQ would have sworn on TB's TB12.
I bet Thomas Jefferson would create his own TB12 method just like how he created his own version of the bible
Cutting out the miracles the TB performed? TB's resurrection?! Sacrilege!
I don't like Tom Brady.
There is no need to swear here. The man is just the way his creator made him.
lol well I got to go. Nice talking with you
Hey friend
Hey there, do you watch the NFL?
I love the NFL, how about you?
Yes me too. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?
I never knew that, I wonder if there are woman out there that could do it and didn't know that.
I am not sure but I sure hope to see them there. I mean they can last 11 minutes in the game
For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion 
I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?
I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?
I like the Patriots. They had a player once that never fumbled the ball in his career
Yea, Benjarvus green ellis that was a good feat that he did. Very interesting, mine is the patriots too
Nice. Do you know what the highest score ever was?
I do, what was the highest score ever?
It is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat the Cumberland, WHat a win for them
Wow, what a win for sure! Poor Cumberland, I would have quit after that game, or knelt the ball and let the clock run out.
Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?
I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right?!
Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s
that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!
Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.
Good bye!
Bye.
Hi, how are you?
I am fine thanks. do you like tom brady. ? I love his TB12 Method
Tom is a great human being! I think he is practically a messiah. I don't know his method though. Is a method for what?
for staying on top of his game at 40. I would love to read his book
I would too. Does he really eat ice cream made with avocados?
Thats interesting. I do agree that He is a great example of what can happen if you are radically committed
I wish I had that kind of commitment. I can only manage to stay committed to life on the Internet.
Did you know that Espn created the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down
ESPN has come up with many great innovations. I'm not surprised that they won for that first down line. 
And if I were cumberland I would have gave up after georgia tech reached 100 ponts
I think that the Cumberland folks probably should have ended the football program and taken up croquet.
I agree. I wonder why more women dont try out for the NFL even though they are allow to.
Women are smart. They don't want concussions. 
And what is with the New orleans saints cheerleaders restaurant rule ?that is not right.
The cheerleaders get the worst treatment. They are paid badly. They should be left alone at restaurants. It's sexism.
Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player
They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL
lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.
I never had time to check that everyone had one. I'm glad you did. A load off my mind. Some people might want spare copies though.
I just know that everywhere I go there is a copy of the bible. I guess there are 2 people that never had one, Teddy roosevelt and john quincy
It's a good thing, too, in case you need to sworn in. Well, I enjoyed chatting.
Me too I am about to search for Tom Brady "Tom vs. Time,"
Good Morning! Are you a Tom Brady fan?
Drew Brees is more my style, considering I am an N.O. fan.  But, we do not treat Drew like a deity like they do to Tom in New England.
I am in New England and although I admire Tom, I do not think he is God. He's a great football player, that's all.
To some, football can be a religion and in a dynasty like the Belichick-Brady era, they can be overly zealous.  It was that way with the Cowboys in the Tom Landry - Roger Starbauch era.  It seems like Tom has created his own following with the "TB12 Method".
I guess many people are looking for something to admire in the time we live in. There is so much that is scary these days that it is nice to have something to enjoy and a person to want to emulate. 
Have you read "The TB12 Method"?  I have not I have heard it referred to as the "athlete
No I am not that much into sports although I am happy that the Pats won the Superbowl. An athlete bible seems a little fanatical. I am more curious about the real Bible and where all of the stories come from and whether they are truth or fiction.
Sorry about the slip of the fingers.  What I find intriguing is that they are making videos about Tom Brady's "spiritual journey" on Facebook watch with his friend Gotham Chopra, the son of New Age guru Deepak Chopra. I am not sure where the traditional bible fits in Tom Brady's quest?
People always seem to use the word Bible out of context. The word comes from biblia-books, but still, I think that they are trying to put religion into something that is a sport.
Being from an older generation, the bible was not excluded from elementary school reading assignments.  But, I am glad its no longer required reading.  I struggle with the Bible being wholly "the word of god".  It was written by humans after all.  And which bible, the Jewish Bible, the Christian Bible, the Mormon Bible, or upcoming Woman's Bible.  I found it interesting the Thomas Jefferson created his own bible by cutting out the parts he did not believe in.
I wonder what God thinks about women writing their own Bible. Yes, many people have written in it and many others have changed that around. I think that you have to look at the stories as history and look to find the word of God in there somewhere. I believe it is there if you look hard enough.
I agree with you, the world is just too complex for it to have been formed solo the a random collision of atoms, i.e. the Big Bang.  So to believe in a higher power is just natural.  But who decided what is in the Bible?  Have you read any of the writings called the "Apocrypha"?  Who decided the should be excluded as less reliable?
Luther published the Apochrypha as a separate book because he did not think that they belonged in the Old Testament. I tend to agree with him. I haven't read much of them but it seems like they do not belong in the traditional Bible.
Ok, but what about the concept of "giving your life to Jesus"?  Tom Brady is quoted as saying something almost identical "So if you're going to compete against me, you better be willing to give up your life.,,  Because I'm giving up mine".  Don't you think that is a bit of a messianic complex?
I think he takes himself too seriously. He is playing a game throwing a pigskin ball around and although the concept of religion might include being a very serious athlete, it is not anything to do with formalized religion, such as Protestantism, etc.
Perhaps, or its a sales pitch to get folks to buy his books and sponsored athletic gear.  Do you follow any other football besides the NFL?  Collegiate?
Not really. Not much of a fan. I'd rather be involved in doing something than in watching it. Do you enjoy following football?
I am a 30 year season ticket holder for my alma mater, the Lousiana State Unversity (LSU) Tigers.  So, I go to the home games whenever I can and when I can't I give them to clients as a prom and tax write-off.  Being there is somewhat more involved that watching on TV.  I really can't sit for 2+ hours in front of the TV when the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live game play.
I agree with you there. Sitting in front of the TV is boring. A game is much more exciting when you are there in person! And there is such a short time of actual play when you are in front of the TV-I could go to sleep sitting there.
I guess if you are going to watch it on TV, it can be hard to grasp the distance to the 1st down, depending on the camera angle.  ESPN did well by creating the yellow line overlay on TV to show the distance to the 1st down.  Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for that bit of technology?
I did not know that. I love the technology that they have created to make these sports better for home viewers. 
What do you think of NFL woman players?  The league rules allow it.  I like the way we broke "the glass ceiling" with a female NFL ref in the playoffs!  Do you think we will see a female NFL player anytime soon?
I think she would have to be an exceptional athlete and a strong personality to get into the NFL. I am not sure that the locker room is ready for it!
I would agree with that assessment.  Perhaps as a kicker / punter being a lower impact position to start with.  But I do hope that before that day comes, the Saints get rid of the arcane rule forbidding cheerleaders from dining in the same restaurant as players.  Just ridiculous!
I can't imagine who came up with that rule! It's so unfair. I would think the Feminists would be up in arms about that!
I bet they would be if it were more common knowledge.  Well, its been good chatting with you.  I need to head out to get ready for the Mardi Gras parade down here.  My youngest is driving one of the floats with our tractor!  Have a good day.
Have a wonderful Saturday! Thanks for the chat.
Same to you...
Hi there do you watch the NFL much?
Hello, yes I do. Do you have a favorite team or player?
Yes I do. I love the Patriots and my favorite player is Brady. How about you?
Nice me too. I think he is a great player. Did you know his favorite ice cream is avocado?
Haha nice, I love that kind of ice cream too. I guess it is how he stays healthy. Did you know he is an author now?
Yeah heard about the Athelete's Bible and also a documentary that he is putting out Time vs. Tom. Have you seen it
Nice, no I have not but I will be looking into that. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yeah I guess if they meet the requirements. I hope we see women in the field one of these days.
Yeah I hope so too. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once, and what for?
Oh yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line. I think that is deserved.
Very much so, has made our game watching easier. Now they are using tracking chips on the players while they are in the field. 
Heard about that. That is great and I hope they can use the stats of velocity and rotation and such to make the game safer.
Yes it is a great opportunity to do that. DO you know what the highest score in a college game has been
I know of Cumberland versus Georgia Tech 222-0. Has anyone broken that record yet?
Nope no one and that is mind blowing. What a game that must have been. Bowlers used to make more money than football players in the 60s. What do you think of that?
I guess it makes sense since it was a favorite sport back then. Now engineers make more than football players over their lifetime.
Yeah I guess their careers are much longer so they have more time to earn money in the long run.
Yes exactly. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I know some stuff like that it has sold over 5 billion copies. That is crazy
Hence the title as one of the most influential books. Did you know Jefferson made his own version of it?
Yeah the guy used a razor to cut off the supernatural parts. Go figure. Nice chatting with you. 
Same here and have a great one.
Hi are you a fan of Tom Brady?  I wont hold it against you lol.
He's got some work ethic, but letting people call him a messiah is pretty much were i draw the line.
I agree...I am a Raider fan and that was a fumble years ago.  The game that launched the dynasty should have been a loss.  He is milking it now with TB12
Right, However speaking of fumbles the patriots did produce a RB that never fumbled the ball his entire career.
I think that is all Belichick and his gruff demeanor
Well maybe it's just not, only Tom's religion. Apparently his best friend is Deepak Chopra son, i think.
Chopra is the film maker who does the Tom vs Time show.  
Yeah that's him. I think the episodes are on Facebook. 
I think he is trying to make up for his lack of endorsements over his career.  In that show, he endorse not only his TB12 but I notice he drives an Aston Martin, now he is in the commercial.  Also any product they show he gets money.  
Yup and that's what it is all about. That shows is filmed by Deepak's son right?
Yes, I believe so.  I cant believe he thinks he is giving up his life for football.  He gets 4-5 months off per year, married to a supermodel and will have 40 years of leisure when he retires.
Right! Hey do you know what the highest scoring football game was?
Yes, 1916 georgia tech won 222-0!
I can't imagine what that must have been like on the rid home. I hear Espn won an Emmy.
They invented the yellow line!
I know i love that line it made life so much easier. lol! Do you know who Benjarvus green-ellis is?
He is the RB who never fumbled in his career?
Yeah ironically enough he also played for the patriots. You know there using tracking chips in the player padding now.
Yeah, in the footballs too.  How can the refs make so many mistakes with that technology?
Right! You know that in new Orleans if a cheerleader comes onto a restaurant and a player is there they have to leave, doesn't sound fair. 
They cannot socialize or date either.
Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me. 
Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule.  Well, cant wait till the draft lol.  Gotta run, nice talking to you.
You too, don't forget to try out the Avocado ice cream.
Hello, lets talk about football. visiting football teams to university of Iowa's get to use a pink painted locker room 
The pink of the locker room serves a symbolic purposes. I'm not surprised at their choice.
In the 1960's bowlers made more money  then football stars 
The bowlers did not have pink rooms, I imagine. They got paid for doing what? Throwing a ball? Seems wrong. 
its interesting, I did not know the highest scoring football game occurred in 1916 and it was 222
I would have left after the 1st quarter. 
The yellow line representing the first down won ESPN an emmy
What is this line? Why is it yellow? Who is ESPN?
ESPN is a network, lets talk about the national football league next, they do not have a written rule against females playing. 
Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.
The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay 
11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play! 
over a lifetime engineers can make more money then an NFL player 
That makes sense. Engineers probably live a lot longer than NFL players, who often die on the field.
Chips are used embedded in players shoulders, they record a players moves on the field. 
Why are chips in their shoulders? That sounds painful. Is it necessary for the game?
its in their shoulder pads, they are also in footballs. They track ball speed and velocity among other things. 
There are footballs in their shoulder pads? Oh, there are chips in the footballs! Ok. Very good.
lets talk about the Bible next, students in the us used to be required to read from the bible prior to 1963
The Bible. Yes, it is a book of enormous popularity. The children read the Bible in school? I am surprised. 
the etemenanki which is in modern day Iraq was most likely the biblical tower of babel 
Hello there, do you watch football?
Sometimes.  Mainly the Eagles
Nice. Did you know U of Iowa painted their locker room for visitors pink?
Yes I had heard that.  It's interesting but I can see why they would seek to emasculate their opponents.  It's not much of a christian thing to do though.
It sure is not. Speaking of that, do you know why the word apple is as such?
Sure.  I read where the apple was only known as apple after the bible was translated from latin.  The word malus means both apple and evil.
Yeah that is quite interesting. Did you know Jefferson made his own version of the Bible?
Yes.  I recently learned that he removed the supernatural references in the bible. 
Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education
Not surprising.  I'm glad they took that out though.  I don't think religion should be forced on kids.
Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today
Huh.  I didn't know that.  So you mean there is an actual tower of babel or is it some other building?
Well it is a building that is called the Etemenanki in modern day Iraq that is believed to be it
Interesting.  I don't believe there is much truth to the bible myself but i know there are some facts like that.
Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in
I don't think it should ever be used.  How about you?
Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?
No. I didn't realize that.  It seems like it takes ages.
I know,, sorry a typo there I meant to say 11 minutes, but you are right, we are glued to the tv for so long to watch a game
Ok that makes so much more sense.  
Yeah. They are using tracking chips on the players now to track their speed and velocity and such. Pretty advanced.
Hi.  Do you like football?  Are you familiar with the NFL?
I don't actually watch alot of sports.  I do find it interesting that there are many forms of Football including soccer, american football, rugby, and gaelic football.
I like American football and soccer.  NFL is a a football league in the US.
yes, I follow the NFL some.  I saw soemthing funny about the university of Iowas visiting team locker room.  They have painted it completely pink
Yes, I heard about it.  I wonder if it was some kind of mind game.
I would assume so.  I actually read that in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football players.  Weird.
Isn't it amazing?  Bowlers now make pennies compared to well known football players.
I know thats so weird.  This is interesting too.  ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line that is on the football field
I read an article about it.  I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.
yeah that definitely helps.  I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career
Yes, isn't that amazing?  I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.
I didn't realize this but the NFL has no written rule against women playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements
I heard about it.  It would be hard for any woman or average men to meet NFL eligibility requirements.
Yes I am not sure they should play together anyway.  I saw something interesting about the fact that there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay in a NFL game
Yes, I know about that.  Do you know why that short?
No but possibly b/c they have to fit in all the ads.  I read that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden to eat at the same restaurant as NFL players
You are probably right.  I think they should be allowed to eat at the restaurant if they are there first and NFL players need to leave.  The rule is odd.
I know its so strange.  I saw though that they are required to actaually leave if the player comes into the restaurant even if they are already eating
I cannot imagine the situation.  The media should make this rule a big deal so that it is changed.  It's discrimination.  Now I do not like New Orleans football team.
Quite odd.  On a different note I saw that the NFL uses tracking devices in players shoulder pads to record every move on the field
I guess they want to take advantage of the available technology.   I would like to talk longer but I've got to run now.  It was nice chatting with you.
Lo, we have come to the place of chatting. How are you? Do you know the thing that is called The Football?
Fine thank you.  Yes, I know that thing and enjoy it from time to time.  Did you know Brady has a book out entitled "The Bible for Athletes"?
I did not know that. Has it sold more that "The Bible" bible yet? 
I doubt that.  It's a book that many say has some spiritual context and one columnist, Bob Ryan described it as "cult-like". 
Football is good, but Sundays are for other things.
It works out for me since I like college better. Speaking of which, my alma mater ran up the score 222-0 on poor Cumberland in 1916. 
That is a Biblical drubbing. The Cumberland players must have done something wrong to deserve that punishment. I bet the GT coach was blessed that day. He meted out a terrible vengeance.
He must have had something to prove but that' over the top.  Like the pink visitor's locker room at the U. of Iowa is over the top.
I guess pink is the color of pacifist love. It makes men weak at the knees and unable to cope on the gridiron. Truly U of I has found the ultimate weapon.
I heard that pastel colors  are used in jails... Did you know that the NFL has no rules against women playing?
Speaking of pastels? Yes, women would have to wear pastels to identify them on the field. 
Why not?  According to some, the actual gameplay in the NFL is only 11 minutes.  That seems low...
The 11 minutes are the toughest 11 ever worked on a Sunday. The players have ample time then to consult the Good Book for guidance.
Yep. I would be doing some serious praying.  Did you know the Tower of Babel is a real thing located in Iraq?
Didn't we destroy that thing in the war in 2003? I thought it was destroyed and a football stadium was built there.
Ha.  I was wondering if it was modern rubble.  Before 1963 it was common for kids to read from the Bible in class.  We've gone backwards on that.
I figure that there is only one book that everyone needs. Most people don't even know that.
Agreed. We now have people like Brady for spiritualism.  The Pat's do have an actual ST player that is an evangelical off the field. His name is Matt Slater. 
The Pats have won because of their strong faith, not because of Brady or his book. The NFL has an MVP. They should have an MFP.
I can't believe Jefferson cut out parts of the Bible that were "supernatural" (e.g., miracles).  What's up with that?
He felt the need to tamper with the Word. He positioned himself to high. He should have abased himself, genuflected in the presence of the Word. I bid you a good and blessed day.
You are well.  You've been excellent!
Hey!  Are you a football fan?
Hi yes I am! I follow the NFL
I usually follow more NCAA.  But I do like the playoffs.
That is good. I had not realize before the season lasts 17 weeks!
That is long, but there is only 11 minutes of game play each game
Yes, the game stops all the time! but to me is amusing even if the actual game time is short!
I agree. I wonder how one team got 222 points in one game.
I do have the same question. That happened on 1916, more than 100 years ago and nothing similar has happened again.
Two teams havent even score near that amount combined.  I wonder if rules have changed a bit since then?
Maybe because I think sports are more competitive than ever, specially with the devices that track a lot of info on the players and even on the ball
I know, with all that technology you think reviews would be easier.
that is right! Do you know who Tom Brady is?
Yes.  He is a dominant force in football.  Pretty soon hes gonna run out of fingers to put those rings on.
He has mentioned that Football is more than just  a game to him, it is his religion.
It is kind of strange to me.  He even has the TB12 method.  I ve heard he even eats Avocado ice cream.
Avocado ice cream is actually pretty good. But in his case football has a spiritual meaning. It is his life purpose.
Patriots fans fuel that a little bit they think of him as a Messiah.  Im gonna have to try that Avocado ice cream.  It sounds good.
I think is a little too much to call him a Messiah I think something good about sports is that it makes people bond, even if they have little in common, but I see it very separate from spirituality.
I agree.  Anything that people have in common can help them bond, but I wouldnt call many things spiritual.
A good thing that the TB12 method is that Brady is committed and has been able to rebound from adversity.
He has had a few come from behind losses that were rather significant.  like the 28-3 deficit to win the super bowl.
I think I would follow his example in having a good nutrition and stay fit and try to be strict with that.
Me too.  I am trying to dial in my nutrition, it is the one area of my life that is a mess.  Its been good chatting but I must go.
So Tom Brady has a book, trying to limk some more money from his fans?
Maybe, but he really seems to believe in his TB12 method, it seems a little creepy for some. 
I'll eat all the avocado ice cream out there if it keeps me young, but I smell gimmick.
I think book about self improvement is based around a gimmick, did you see his documentary ?
No, I rarely watch TV anymore.  Not sure I'd watch it if  I still did though.  I'm not really a football fan, or a Brady fan.
Do you like the other kind of football, like soccer or rugby ?
I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too.  I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.
Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?
Less commercials.  I think it is mainly a cultural thing.  If I grew up here my opinion might be different.  
They are a little old fashioned in the NFL, cheerleaders are not even allowed to be in the same restaurant with a football player. 
I can see how a rule like that might come around, it just doesn't seem right.  I probably for show as much as anything.  
Yeah, like the sensor they put in their equipment, I don't think it will solve the concussion issue they have. 
My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason.  I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most players.  
Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport. 
I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.
I think it is because they don't see the need for a rule, it is not for gender equality , yet there could be a female kicker eventually. 
If they are good enough then so be it.  Maybe she can then write a book and make a documentary about how we should live.
Tom Brady's documentary was on Facebook watch, I doubt many people saw, she should not make the same mistake. 
The first female player would get lots of news coverage, least for the first few months.  
But I don't think she will be as popular as Tom Brady around Boston, he is seen as a messiah there.
Maybe he should write his own bible.  The people that don't like him can cut the bits out they don't like with a razor.
That took a lot of patience from Thomas Jefferson, and a bible with 1 sided paper.
Too much time on his hands?  Have a good day.
Hi, how are you? Do you know much about the Bible?
Hello - I am good. I am a religious person. What about you?
I know a little. Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for US students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education? Times have certainly changed.
Oh wow times have really changed quite a bit!
I figure the country has always been undergoing change. Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible, cutting out the 'supernatural' parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection.
Wow I didn't know that. Did you know Apple only became know as an apple when the bible was translated into latin?
The reason: the word "malus" means both apple and evil. That is an interesting coincidence.
Very interesting. I saw that the tower of Babel was likely based on a real building in modern day Iraq.
That makes sense.I wonder what it looks like.
It would be pretty cool to see for sure.
Attitudes toward the Bible have varied among politicians. Presidents Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution. 
Yes I heard they swore on the constitution as well. 
I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.
Do you like football?
Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?
Yes, I love watching football. Did you know the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams is completely painted pink?
I expect there's a psychological reason behind that. I wonder if it has much effect. 
I doubt it does much. I saw that in the 1960's, the top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.
NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.
I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
It was good talking to you!
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Hi Yes I do. How about you?
Nice me too. Do you have a favorite player or team?
I like the cowboys. How about you?
Nice, I like the Patriots and I really like Brady. Did you know he is a book author as well now?
No I didnt. I was just finding out that the highest ever scoring game in football was 222-0. 
Yeah Gerogia Tech beat Cumberland pretty bad there back in 1916
Yep and former patriots running back Benjarvus green ellis has never fumbled a ball in his NFL career.
What a guy, good for him. Did you women can play too in the NFL?
Yes I wonder why no woman has ever tried?
I wonder too but I hope to see them in the field at some point. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?
No where are they at?
In their shoulder pads and they are tracking velocity and rotation and all that stuff
Wow I wonder whats next lol
Exactly. I bet you those are the engineers that make more money that players that put those in there
Thats a great possibility.
Yeah. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
Yes Thomas Jefferson actually created his own version of the bible and tried to remove the supernatural parts.
Yeah using a razor. He really did not believe in resurrection and the miracles in it
History is so fascinating to me. Theres only been 2 presidents that have not used the bible in their swearing in.
Yeah that was Roosevelt and Quincy. 
Hey are you a fan of Tom Brady?
I admire his longevity and QB skills, but have reservations about his "religion", which seems to be football. How about you?
Same here, apparently the fans of the patriots have a creed "in bill we trust" and some consider Tom the Messiah of football.
Yes, understand that's true. Do you think that's taking "fanhood" too far?
Way to far! It just doesn't take all of that. I just want to be entertained. That's what they get paid to do and i appreciate that.
Agree. I have to admit, that in the Super Bowl game (against the Atlanta Falcons ?) when N.E. came back to win, I was on the edge of my seat. Did you see it
No i wasn't able to see that game. He is well deserving of the attention he gets he works very hard at age forty. One of the things he swears by is Avocado ice cream. you ever had it?
Yuck, no! Agree Brady works hard, but I wonder if his TB12 Method and best-selling book are basically ways to say, "Hey, I'm not just a jock." What do you think?
Maybe i guess it's not like he needs the money his wife makes twice as much as he does.
I've heard that. Are you by chance a fan of the any of the other "football" games, or another NFL team?
Not really don't watch as much anymore, just like to see a good game when i do.
Okay. Good as in competitive? Do you have a favorite team, or prefer not to take sides
Depends on who's playing. My favorite team when i could watch was the Packers. Espn won an Emmy award, did you know that?
Yes, ESPN won an Emmy years ago, for inventing the superimposed yellow line we see on the field in televised games. Who knew? The old Packers were  GREAT team...
Yeah Bret was something else. Still they didn't have any one like Benjarvus who never fumbled the ball his entire career. 
I remember Favre well. Another QB legend. Americans are dedicated fans. Some say we need our devotion to sports now more than ever. Do you agree? Why?
Well i don't think were in danger of losing sports so i don't see why more than ever. I can think of far more societal needs to focus on more than sports. I think we put way to much emphasis on those things that matter less and not enough on the things that matter most.  
Well said. Some sports fans need more balance and less broo-haa! Maybe Tom Brady will reach that conclusion some day. When football doesn't pay anymore?
We can only hope my friend. Based on the fact that tracking chips are about to be implemented and the fact that technology is not slowing down, who knows where the game will be in 10-15 more years. 
Agreed . One thing I miss is relatively commercial-free games. Now, with only 11 minutes of play, it seems we're watching 120 minutes of commercials! Do you mute them?
I know right that's ridiculous. You know New Orleans cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in even if they were there first. 
Wacky rule. Maybe that's the future of sports. Less logic and emphasis on the sport itself, more tracking technology, but less game passion. Some folks are just natural sports talent; who needs to know every fact about how they do it?? 
Do you enjoy playing or watching any sports?
I sometimes watch sports. What about you?
I recently started getting familiar with football
It is an interesting sports but I know little about it.
I myself only have a passing familiarity
I have heard that the NFL has no  rule against female players; women would  be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
Probably the requirements disqualify them anyway though
True. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. The women might be able to handle some positions in such a short amount of acctivity.
Even in the short time frame it can be a very dangerous activity
True. Probably be safer as cheerleaders. I think it's wrong that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cant eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
I mean it should just be whoever came later if they want to even keep that backward rule
True. First is first. NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads to record a players moves on the field. They could use those chips to know where the players are before going to a restaurant.
I guess. Kind of makes you question what they use the data for
I guess analysis for strategy, maybe injuries. I'm not sure. 
Then I hope it is used to reduce injuries. The high rate of forced retirement due to injuries may be why the average lifetime earnings of a engineer is higher than that of the player
True. Career longevity. Probably a better career choice for women anyway.
Indeed. I mean for only a dozen or so minutes of action, there is sure a lot of dangerous accidents
A lot of career ending injuries. Concussions. Terrible stuff. The pay is not high enough for me. I would rather be an engineer if I could.
I agree unless I was like brady who is doing amazing despite being 40 and without any major injuries. Since I am not though, an engineer is a good choice
Brady is a legend. It's astonishing how he keeps going. I wonder when he will retire.
Well I hope not before the next superbowl. I want to say thanks for the pleasant chat.
Do you like football ?
I do! I'm like Tom Brady, football has basically become my religion. In fact, I need to follow Brady's  TB12 method or his "athlete's bible".
Do you need to get in a better physical shape ? I also have a few pounds to lose.
I'd like to get as healthy as Brady is. Ha! So do you follow football as well? I'm also a huge fan of Benjarvus Green-Ellis. It's fascinating ti know he has yet to fumble the football in his entire pro career!
There is so much definition of football, but is like the "american" football, especially the NFL. It is very spectacular, on 16 games in a season, so every win count. 
Agreed. I wish I could have seen Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. That's the highest score ever in a football game. I can't imagine what that was like to see it!
you would have blisters in yours hands if your clapped at every touchdown, it is roughly 30 TD or a TD every 2 minutes. 
I know, That's crazy isn't it? Wonder what Georgia Tech's mindset would have been had they been in a pink lockerroom such as the visiting football team's locker room at the University of Iowa? Probably would have made them angry. Ha!
What do you think about the fact that there is no rules against women playing in the NFL ? Do you think because they are progressive or they think that a woman playing in the NFL is so ridiculous that is doe not need a rule ?
I think it's probably progressive and I'm surprised we haven't seen a woman yet - at least a female kicker. I think what holds them back is maybe the size difference. We may see a female playing one day. What about you?
You are right the more respect women have they more seriously they train, I would not be surprised to se a woman playing in a few years. Maybe they will have read The TB12 Method. 
Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!
Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?
I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?
Maybe it is to track the concussions too, or maybe it is just for TV special effect, like the yellow line for the first down, so good it won an Emmy. 
That is true. It was very innovative and I can't imagine a game without the yellow line now! Did you know that engineers actually make more in a lifetime than both MLB and NFL players do?
The career of an engineer is 2 to 4 times longer than football player. And most football players, even pro don't have a multi million contract. It kind of make sense. 
Yeah that is true! Also, it's crazy the regular season lasts 17 weeks. It always seems to go by so fast!
As I have said, it makes every games special and counts a lot more than when you have a 80 game season. 
Agreed it truly does! During the offseason, maybe we can follow Brady's athlete's Bible to get us by. Speaking of Bibles, did you know Roosevelt and Adams were the only two presidents that didn't use a bible for their swearing in ceremonies? I figured there would have been more!
Me too, but Jefferson had his own modified Bible, so it almost counts. 
That's true! I heard he cut out the supernatural parts of it. I also can't believe it was common for school kids to be required to read the Bible for their elementary education. My, how times have changed! Well it was nice chatting with you today!
Hi there! Are you a football fan?
Yep. Have been all my life. How bout you.
Definitely. Also play fantasy. Fan of Tom Brady/
Not really Im a Steelers fan, so that wouldn't really go well together. Lol
Hah! Point taken. I didn't enjoy him dismantling my Vikings this year, nor winning the super bowl.
Me either on winning the super bowl. I think my steelers actually beat them earlier in the year. It just wasnt our year.
Help if LeVeon came back and AB didnt suddenly go crazy in the off season huh?
So true. I think the AB thing will hurt us more than leveon. Our backup did pretty well and we have a really good O line
By far. He makes Smith-Schuster a less covered target. I see that the average liftime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average NFL player. Short careers.
Yeah thats true, but I think it would just be awesome to get to play a game for a living.
Definitely. It's also a lot of hard work. I also see that the NFL uses tracking chips in players uniforms and ball.
Yeah thats a really cool thing they do. It gives us a whole new perspective on the way they play the game. lets us know every stat possible. I think its great for the game.
Also helps me realize how much faster they are than me! Did you know a game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay?
That sounds about right. Those eleven minutes are usually suspenseful though. 
Yup. Especially the last two minutes! I wish the super bowl had a more exciting ending but it had superior defense.
Yeah it wasnt the best super bowl ever. Especially the fact that the Pats won. Now they're tied with my steeelers for Superbowl wins.
Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.
Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.
They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win
It just gets old hearing at the beginning of the season because they lost a couple game that they are done, and then they end up in the super bowl. Im just sick of it. 
nice chatting with you! Go Vikings and Steelers!
You to have a good one.
Hi! Have you heard of the TB12 Method before?
Hello. I have not. Is it another weird thing Tom Brady does, like avocado ice cream?
That's a part of it. TB12 Method is Brady's best-selling "athlete's Bible" and lifestyle brand. It contains his secrets for using health, nutrition and lifestyle to maximize performance and longevity.
Ah. Yeah. No. I know he's on a spiritual quest, but sometimes I think athletes go too far.
That may be, but I am interested to hear what he has to say. At age 40, winning his six superbowl, and staying at the top of the ultra-competitive NFL, he has likely learned a few things worth considering.
I'm not impressed with any athlete, and I come from LeBron James' territory. I think the NFL treats their cheerleaders horribly, especially the Saints.
I agree with you on that. Imagine any other profession that prevents you from eating in the same restaurant as your higher-paid employees. Even if they were there first, if a player shows up, they have to leave.  Smacks of "get to the back of the bus baby..."
It truly does. I wonder how they would treat a woman player?
Well, the NFL does not prohibit women from being players, but I can't imagine a woman who would really want to to that.
There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?
Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher
lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.
And the NFL puts tracking chips in the players' equipment to track their every move. What woman would want a room full of men telling them that they watched their every mis-step, and they have proof that they were out of place?  No thank you. Tracking the location of a ball, ok. Tracking the women on the field seems like stalking...
Tracking anyone on the field seems like stalking. It's also creepy that ESPN won an emmy for their superimposed yellow line.
What else can they get recognition for, their insightful commentary?  "If you ask me Dan, I think they are trying to score a touchdown.".... Hidden strategy revealed... 
Maybe, lol. I love it that U of IA painted their visitor locker room pink. 
awesome! How will the team have the energy to get through those 11 minutes of game play time?
High school games last longer than that. Thankfully, they are no longer required to read bible passages in school, like they were in the 60's.
Yeah, but the children on the football team is required to read the Brady Bible...  I don't know about you, but I don't think deifying Brady is moving in the right direction either...
They do the same here, with LeBron James. Maybe someone should send both ballers a copy of Jefferson's bible.
Nice try.  LOL  Patriot fans consider Brady somewhat of a messiah figure. Is that true in LeBron country as well?
Here, it's hit or miss. While we all agree that he does excellent things for our community, some are still salty over him leaving the first time, along with his attitude.
Well, nobody can deny that Brady and Belichick have performed great together and have accomplished much, but many people forget that both of these heroes were also caught cheating and were fined by the NFL.  
Thank you for chatting with me, have a lovely night.
You too, and enjoy next season!
Hello, do you watch NFL?
Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?
I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.
Yes, he got a best selling athlete bible that he believe to help him to play top games at the age of 40.
I guess if it works for him that is great. Did you know women can play in the NLF?
Yes, I like women, but I think this is too ambitious. I don't think 250 or 300 lbs. men hitting women would be safe, women's bodies aren't made for that.
I guess not but it would be interesting to see, maybe have more of a mix in the game
Yes but I can see lawsuits and low ratings, because I don't think men are going to hit women the same way they hit men. Some men can't take those hits.
Yeah that is true. What do you think about that cheerleader rule in New Orleans
That's something else, I don't understand the reason, I wonder do they get a refund if that shall happen?
I am not sure but having to leave because a player walks in is just strange and sexist
Yes you're right, that is sexist, I think women should do something about that and be able to keep their jobs.
Yes agreed totally there. Do you know what the highest score in football game is?
Yes I think it was 222-0 georgia Tech vs cumberland, which I never heard of  cumberland, have you?
I have not and I bet you Georgia Tech are bragging about that to this day
Yes and I pretty sure that was cumberland coach last coaching season. I know they got teased for days.
Yeah, pretty sad day for them. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
Yes try to read the bible a lot, my favorite chapter is Psalm. I also learn certain verses. what about you, do you read the bible?
No I do not but I guess it was part of the cirriculum in elementary education prior to 1963
Yes you are right, several members of my family, brothers and sisters preach, though a lot of people don't believe in women preaching. 
Oh wow did not know that is the case. Interesting fact there. 
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
I love the NFL, how about you?
Yes me too. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I do know that, I live in the city and have actually seen it, do you know why it is pink?
I am not sure what their reason behind it is to be honest. Do you have a clue what it might be?
Yes, the coach back in the day was a psychology major, and found pink was calming. Crazy
Wow I did not know that. Cool one. Do you know what the highest score in college football game is?
I heard it was 222-0 back in 1916. I would have quit if I were on the losing team!
Yeah that is a pretty bad beating. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
I did not know that. That is interesting. You think men can play in the WNBA?
I sure would like to see them switch sometimes. They seem to be using tracking chips on the players now. What do you think about those? 
I think that is awesome. They are probably created by engineers that make lots of money.
I bet you they were. They track velocity and rotation and such so I wonder if they can be used to make the game safer
Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?
I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money
For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?
That just seems so short but I can see how that is for sure, lots of downtime in there
For sure, between the commercials, play clock, time outs, etc. Not much action!
Yeah exactly. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I love the bible, do you read it?
I am not religious but I do know some facts about it.
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?
Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks
That's true, do you have a favorite team? if yes, what is your favorite team?
I think Patriots as I like Brady quite a bit. How about you?
The patriots are ok, but my team is Pittsburgh Steelers win or lose, I still like them.
Nice, good that you have a favorite. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
I guess they're hoping it will make the other team feel silly while they're getting ready to play.
I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes I read that 222-0, wow I know that must have been cumberland coach last season before they fired him.
I think the game took place in 1916, that is so long ago but still what a score
Yes you are right, did you know in 1960's  top bowlers made twice as much top football stars?
That is insane, things have really changed. And now engineers make more other their lifetime
Yes, nfl players my opinion, should get paid more for such a rough and physical sport, but they are one of the lowest paid players. 
Yes that is true. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
No, but I do read the bible quite a bit and try to memorized certain verses, What about you?
Oh I see. I do not read it but just know some facts about it. Like it has sold over 5 million copies 
wow that's a lot, expectually these days when lot of people used their cell phone. 
That is a great point. Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?
Yes he did, he used a razor to cut out the supernatural parts, isn't that something.
That is . I wonder if he used that Bible to swear in.
hey did you know that the bible has sold over 5 billion copies? Its the most influential book of all time that's crazy
Wow, billion! That's a lot of copies! That must mean it's translated into various different languages around the world right?
yup thats right, interesting that different religions all use the same bible to get their views, like the Jews and then the Chrisitians
Yeah and prior to 1960s, students were required to read the bible as part of their elementary education, do you think that should occur in today's schools?
no probably not, I think school and religion should be kept separate, I would like to read Jeffersons bible though
Jefferson released a bible? The previous president, Thomas Jefferson?
yup that's him, he cut out all the supernatural parts like the resurrection, so I guess its more of just a regular book haha
Roosevelt and Adams were the only two US presidents to not use a bible at their swear in ceremonies, what do you think they used instead?
ya thats a good question, maybe the constitution? I don't know, did you know the tower of babel was based on a real building btw?
Perhaps they used law books or something like what some Supreme Court justices did when they were being sworn in. Which real building was it based off of?
it was the Etemenanki, its a building in Iraq and still exists, I don't know what it looks like though
I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?
ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha
Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.
ya I wonder too, I know there are different types of emmy's, would you ever want to be a cheerleader for football games? My friend was one in college
Did you friend like it? Was he/she treated the way the Saints cheerleaders are treated where they can dine in the presence of football players?
no they could all hang out with players, and ya I don't like how the saints dont let players get together with cheerleaders that seems really backwards
Any theories as to why they have a rule like that?
ya I think its so there isn't any drama with like a player cheating on their wife haha, but I think its dumb, do you think we will ever have a female nfl player?
That could be a really good theory and yes it is quite dumb. It's possible there might be a female NFL player since it's not against the rules but maybe females are smart enough to not sacrifice their brains and health to be in such a physical sport.
yup I think so, football is a physical sport and any girl that plays would have to be very muscular, thats for sure
Hey, do you like football? 
Hey! I love football. Tom Brady is one of my favorite players of all time. In fact, I want to check out the TB12 Method aka the athlete's bible so I can stay at the top of my game like he does. Ha! What about you?
That's amazing! I love football too and Brady is also one of my favorite players. We both graduated from the same school too! 
Oh that is so awesome to hear! It's crazy to think Brady started his pro career as a sixth round draft pick and is now one of the greatest of all time. Plus he's great at rebounding from adversity!
Indeed he is! What's your favorite NFL team? 
I really like the Patriots. In fact, Benjarvus Green-Ellis was one of my favorite running backs. He was so talented, he actually has never once fumbled the football in his entire pro career. That is unheard of! What about you?
That is quite impressive. I am a fan of the Lions so we never won too many games here haha
Do you also like the Saints? I do but I hate that cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the football players. That's so misogynistic and it's shocking no one has filed a lawsuit over it yet!
I actually do like the Saints. Kinda crappy what happened to them this year in the playoffs with the referees. And yes definitely not a great culture at all for cheerleaders.
Agreed! I wonder if the same rule would apply if they had female football players. After all, there's no rules forbidding females from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements.
Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious? 
You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?
Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time
It's crazy to think over 5 billion copies of the Bible have been sold! No wonder it's considered the best selling and most influential book of all time!
Yeah I think almost everyone I know has a copy! Did you know the Iowa Hawkeye's painted their visitor's locker rooms pink? 
That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!
Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player
Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!
I bet they do. I don't think athletes do very well managing their money after all 
Sadly you're right. But isn't it crazy there's so many different variations of football, that they're actually known as "football codes"!
I totally agree! There's just so many rules. It was so great talking to you!
So true! Nice chatting with you as well! I'm gonna check out the Bible. Wouldn't mind getting my hands on a copy of Thomas Jefferson's version where he cut out all the supernatural parts of the Bible. Take care!
Tom Brady is one of  the best players in NFL history, do you agree?
Sure.  He is one of the best, he embodies the Patriot Way with his prep and will to win.
I agree, he has changed football and has changed the Patriots, he has many devoted followers and fans
Do you watch the rest of the NFL?  I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.
I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true
Well the NFL tracks everything.  They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.
I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries
You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health.  The NFL is violent.
It is a violent sport, I love it still, there's no rule against a female playing.
Do you like college football?  I watch quite a bit of it, though I did not know until recently the Iowa Hawkeyes paint their visitor lockerroom pink!
That is really funny, painting a locker room pink just to tease the other team, priceless, I wonder if that actually worked maybe it backfires
I don't know.  Maybe they stole it from Georgia Tech who destroyed Cumberland 222-0 many years back.   What a beating!
It was a humiliating defeat that is a sure thing, probably the worse beating in the history of football
So who is your favorite NFL team?  Mine is the Dallas Cowboys from the NFC.  Maybe someday they will return to the Super Bowl in my lifetime.
Maybe 2019 is the year of the Cowboys, my favorite team are the Patriots,
Oh well then you must be thrilled.  Pretty much spanked the Rams.  Tom Brady and Bill Belichick just keep on winning Super Bowls.
And I bet they will for at least one more time, Brady is 40 now, he has a strong determination but still
I think that would be 7 out of 9 tries at the Super Bowl.  I do not think that will ever be broken or at least for a long time will not be.
I agree, I think that Brady is an exaple of what a person can do with deremination, many people think htat his commitment is sincere and not just to make more money.
Can't argue with results.  His TB12 Method seems to be working very well for him.  Him and "In Bill We Trust"!
His method seems to be rock solid and yeah the In Bill We Trust method is also another key complement,
Hi, do you watch the NFL?
NFL? Is that the National Football League? I know very little about it.
Yeah that one. Apparently women can play in it as well
So women would be allowed to play if they met the league's eligibility requirements?
Yes, I hope to see them there at some point. There are only 11 minutes of active game play
Sounds light, but I bet there are better jobs for them. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
Yeah that is a great career. I guess it makes sense since the football players have a pretty short career
Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player? Seems sexist to me.
It sure is sexist. And the worst is that they have to leave mid meal too. Strange and rude
NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads to record a player as they move on the field. The league could track the players off the field to help the cheerleaders avoid them.
Yeah they are using them to track velocity and rotation and such. Hope they can use that data to make the game safer too
Safety should be a top priority. Say, do you read the Bible?
I do not but I know some interesting facts about it? How about you?
Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their education?
That is interesting but I am glad it does not apply anymore. I think religion should be a choice
Yes, it should be. Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible, cutting out the 'supernatural' parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection. In a way, he made a choice. He wanted to see religion in humanist terms.
Yeah and cannot blame the guy, it was his choice. Did you know Roosevelt and Quincy did not swear in with a Bible?
I believe they got sworn in on the Constitution, because they felt it their duty to serve the nation.
Well it is a good thing that they have the option. Do you know about the Tower of Babel?
The Tower of Babel was where every language known to man was created, according to the story.
Yeah and people think that it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq. 
Hi! Are you a fan of Tom Brady by chance? I want to check out his TB12 Method aka the athlete's bible that he uses to help him stay at the top of his game at 40 years old!
Yes I love Brady too. I am looking forward to that book as well as the documentary series Tom vs. Time
Same here. I can't wait to see it! I love what Brady says in the first episode: "If you're going to compete against me, you better be willing to give up your life because I'm giving up mine!" That is very powerful!
Wow talk about dedication. I wonder if that applies to any potential women who may come on board with the NFL, since they are allowed to 
I know, right? And considering there's really only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average each game, you'd think we would have at least had a female kicker by now!
I know so I am not sure why we do not have one yet. Did you hear about that record breaking game between Cumberland and Georgia Tech?
I have heard about it! That's almost unheard of. Do you think Cumberland would have played any better if they were forced to sit in a pink colored lockerroom like the visiting football team's locker room at the University of Iowa?
Hmm good point there. Or maybe they just needed someone like Benjarvus in their team.
Hasn't he played his entire pro career without fumbling the ball one time? That is amazing and takes some serious talent and skill!
It sure does, yes he is that guy. What do you think about the ESPN winning an Emmy?
I think it was well deserved. The yellow line they created that represents the first down line was very innovative and I can't see myself watching a game without it now!
Yes it has made out life easier. I wonder what they are using those stats from the tracking chips they are placing on the players now.
And the chips they're placing in the football as well! Those engineers are brilliant. But I still can't believe they make more money than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players! That surprised me!
I wonder if that can be contributed to the fact that football players have shorter careers than engineers. 
That is a good point. But then again, the top bowlers made more than the top football players back in 60s. Wonder if the bowlers back then made more than engineers as well?
Hmm good point, they likely did. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I know quite a bit, actually. It has sold over 5 billion copies which is a big reason why it's considered the best selling and most influential book of all time!
That is mind blowing for sure. And it was part of the education system until 1963 too.
That surprised me, honestly! Did you also know that Thomas Jefferson created his own version by cutting out the supernatural parts? I'd love to read that version one of these days!
Yeah he really did not believe in resurrection and miracles. I wonder if that is the Bible he used to swear in
I wonder that, myself. Speaking of swearing in, did you know the only two presidents that didn't use a bible for their swearing in ceremonies were Adams and Roosevelt? I found that to be interesting! Well it was great chatting with you today! Take care!
Hi, do you watch the NFL?
I usually watch the NFL, but the 16 week regular season games are too much for me to keep up on. What about you?
Same here so I just watch some of the games. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
I wonder if even the toilets and urinals are pink. I'm sure the opposing teams get amusement out of that
Yeah that makes sense. Do you know how many teams are in the NFL?
32 total, right? 16 in the AFC and 16 in the NFC
Yes exactly. In the 60s bowlers apparently made more than football players. 
I think television has changed the popularity of professional sports. I mean, ESPN came up with the superimposed first down line, and that invention won an Emmy
Yeah that is pretty cool for them. Do you know the highest score in college football?
Was it when Georgia Tech played Cumberland back in 1916?
Yeah that was it, and the score was crazy, 222-0
Not scoring any points is bad enough, but when the other team scores 222, it would be hard to forget about losing that game
Yeah exactly. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?
Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career
That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat
Yeah I do not know that but pretty impressive. Apparently there is no written rule agains women playing in the NFL
It'll be interesting to see if a woman really does join the NFL. It's possible that there's never been a rule against it, which would be really cool considering the other things women have had to fight for
Yeah I would love to see them play someday. On another topic, do you know much about the BIble?
I do, and so do students who went through elementary school before 1963 since it was commonly required reading
I am not sure how much I agree with that but glad it is no longer. And Jefferson created his own version of the Bible.
Do you enjoy sports?
I enjoy the getting together with friends part of it but I could take or leave the actual sports events....except when I am watching my children play.  How about you...what's your favorite sport?
I would say football
That is the favorite sport in my household as well!  Tom Brady is quite the dedicated player both on and off the field, don't you think?  



Yes, he is arguably the greatest steal in nfl history
I think a lot of people would agree with you.  I am in awe of his dedication to living his best life!!  
I mean he didn't even get to play at all in highschool, but wow he is amazing now
Right!  And to think that he was a sixth round draft pick!!  Do you think if he hadn't been drafted he would've done a career involving nutrition or religion?
Then we wouldn't have the famous brady of today. Good thing he got picked
Someone with commitment like that though perhaps he would've been famous in another career area.  Have you read his book?
Do you mean his athlete's bible?
Yes, that's what I am referring to.  I've read some mixed reviews and wonder if it's worth the read...
I mean all these self help book I think are a decent read most the time, but what matters is you
I guess if you are going to take self help advice from anyone, Tom Brady would be the guy.  He is definitely leading by example
That is true. But the question is will you act on this advice?
That is a good question.  Would someone read the book looking for self help advice or just merely to get to know Tom a little better?
I guess it would depend on the individual
I agree.  Me personally I think it would be a bit of both....you know, take what you can use and disregard the rest!
I mean that is how I look at religion. There is no reasons to be stuck following only one religion such as following the bible. I think people should learn a basis understanding of all religions first
Good point.  The same could also be said for his diet and life choices.  I think it would be hard for the average person to be as strict as him with those things, but one could definitely benefit from a few of the tips!
Indeed. In any case, thanks for chatting.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Hello, yes I do. DO you have a favorite team and/or player?
I do actually, I love the Patriots and my favorite player is Brady. And you?
Nice same here. They did a great job this season. Did you know Brady has written a book?
Is that the Athlete's Bible? And I hear there is a documentary in production, Tom vs. Time
Yes I am looking forward to that one for sure. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yeah that is pretty cool, I guess they have to meet the requirements but still pretty awesome
Yes it is. And engineers seem to make more than football players in the long run
I guess that makes sense because football players have shorter careers
Yes exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes I think it was back in 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0
Yes that one, what a game that must have been. ESPN once won an Emmy, do you know what for?
Oh was that for the superimposed yellow line?
Yes that one, It has certainly made our lives easier watching the game from home. 
Oh for sure, no question there. Did you hear about the NFL using tracking chips on the players in the field?
Yeah they are tracking velocity and rotation and speed and all that fun stuff.
Yes, and I hope they can use those stats somehow to make the game safer for the players 
Me too. Did you hear about that weird cheerleader rule they have in New Orleans?
About not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players? So sexist and wrong
Agreed, I hope they get rid of it very soon. Do you know who Benajrvus Green-Ellis is?
I hope so too. Yeah he is the rb who never fumbled a ball in his career.
Hi, do you like to watch the NFL?
Yea, I'm a huge fan of the NFL although I don't take it to the level of religion like Tom Brady does
He actually fulfills the whole purpose of his life with football
Yea, I guess sports has a lot of similarties to things in religion such as saints, rituals, and community gatherings
And commitment too .But I do like to follow the 17 week season, I had not realized each team only rests 1 week during the season.
I never knew that engineers on average make more than nfl players in a lifetime, I guess NFL careers are pretty short
Exactly, that is why. An engineer has to work many more years. Did you know about a football match were the highest score was achieved?
Yea Georgia tech scored 222 points on Cumberland in 1916, that's pretty bad
Yeah, more than 100 years ago!! Nothing like that has happened since then!
Yea so much has changed since then, now football is on tv and espn even created a superimposed yellow line to represent the first down line
Correct and they even won an Emmy for that. did you know about a pink locker room?
Yea the University of Iowa painted there visiting locker room pink, I guess they are trying to play mind games with their opponents
Trying to intimidate them, But I think is a pretty funny joke. Do you like any other types of football?
I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much
They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football
Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game
That is crazy, but I am sure you enjoy the whole thing. The game stops all the time. But personally , I like it like that
Yea and the nfl collects a lot of stats for the game by embedding tracking chips into shoulder pads and the football
That makes it more interesting. You get to know details as ball seed rotation and more
Yea and maybe one day the nfl will have female players for some positions since there is no rule forbidding them
It would be cool to see. If they meet the requierements, they could play!
Hi!  Do you like Tom Brady?
Well enough, considering they've been in the Super Bowl so many times. Why do you ask?
He has a book out called the TB12 Method.  Wasn't sure if you were familiar with it or what it was about.
I hadn't heard that. What's in it?
It's a book about creating a healthy lifestyle and he credits it with him staying at the top of his game.  Are you familiar with his documentary called Tom vs. Time?
Oh, the one that Gotham Chopra is working on! Yeah, I've heard of that.
It's pretty good.  After watching it, it changed my view of him.  I believe it's on Facebook Watch.  Are you a fan of the NFL?
I thought it was weird that Deepak's son was working on a sports documentary, but if you say it's good I'll have to check it out. I follow the Cowboys more than anything.
I like the Cowboys.  Did you know the highest scoring game ever was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0?
I did not! I don't follow college ball too closely.
I watch it but mainly the smaller regional schools if I can get them in.  In the 1960's the top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of the era.  I'm sure that's not like that anymore.
With so many people watching and so much tech invested in the NFL, I wouldn't doubt it. The payoffs have to be worth the money put in. They even put tracking chips in the balls to analyze.
That's crazy that they are going that high tec into a sport.  Although like you said with all the people watching there is big money involved.
Maybe Tom Brady's onto something with his whole "treat football like a religion" idea. Seems like a lot of fans already do.
Yes!  Speaking of religion did you know that the bible is the biggest selling book of all time with over 5 billion copies sold?
I wonder how that compares to the number of NFL game tickets sold.
Probably crushes the ticket sales I would guess.  
There are other Patriots that are very religious, like Matt Slater. I'm sure the overlap between fans and church goers is not insignificant.
I didn't know that.  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball once during his career!  
It just seems like the team dominates regardless of time or subject!
Yes!  It was a pleasure chatting with you!  Have a good day!
Good morning.  Do you like NFL football?
Yes.  I just learned Tom Brady has a book entitled "The Athlete's Bible".
Are you a Tom Brady fan?
Not really... I do respect his ability.  He does have an interesting philosophy. 
I agree with that.  I do not care of him as a player or person but you can't deny is greatness.
Yes.  There is a sort of spiritual side to the Pat's.  One of their ST players, Matthew Slater actually in an evangelist. 
That is interesting.  What about the TB12 method?
I think it's Brady's personal philosophy include diet and health. A columnist named Bob Ryan described it as "cult like" but I have zero faith in news people including those in sports.
I am aware of Bob Ryan, I watch a lot of sports shows he is reputable.
Don't know him but that's quite an accusation.  When I think of football, I don't think of pink locker rooms like those for the visiting team at U or Iowa.
I have heard of that pink locker room as well.  Seems like it would man you down a bit
lol Yeah... Did you know that pro bowlers made more money that pro football players in the 1960's.  Hard to imagine...
That is crazy, boy how the times have changed.
Yeah, one new development I like is the yellow line introduced by ESPN for the 1st down line.  They won a well-deserved Emmy for that.
I don't think anyone can watch football without the yellow line anymore, what an innovation
Yes, it makes me even lazier for the post-Thanksgiving dinner football.  Speaking of lazy, it is said that there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in an NFL game.
That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours?  Seems like it should move along faster.
They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.
I agree with that, it must be all the commercials
I played in HS and there is a lot of standing around waiting be people to do stuff like move the markers.  Oh well, did you hear that the Tower of Babel may be real and located in Iraq?
I agree with that.  It was based on a real building there.
Cool.  I would love to see that.  Thanks for the chat!
Do you watch much football?
No, not much, but I do find the sport fascinating. It is such an American classic pastime, at least for spectators.
It really is. There are so many things to learn about the game. I have watched on and off for years but still learn new stuff. 
Did you know that technically women could play on NFL teams? Nothing forbids it? 
Really? I wonder what keeps them from playing then. 
Me too! It seems like someone would have jumped in by now! Maybe women are just too smart. Football seems dangerous, and I heard that the average engineer actually makes more money over their lifetime than the average NFL player.
I would imagine unless the players are getting lots of endoresements or have a super long career they aren't bringing in the amounts of money that people think they are. 
Yeah, there are an awful lot of players on each team, and some don't last long. What do you think about Tom Brady of the Patriots. I heard he is trying to promote football as a whole lifestyle, maybe even religion, sort of thing.
I think he is just trying to scam people. 
Yeah, that is about my opinion too. I am guessing it is his plan for making money when he has to leave the sport.
probably setting himself up for some sort of supplement company or books or something. He can't really believe all the stuff he is saying. It is just ridiculous. 
I agree. It surprises me that so many people fall for that stuff. And Gotham Chopra being involved? It is all so weird!
I'm glad to see there are people that are skeptical of it. I think so many will fall for this drivel just because he is famous. 
Yes, but you have to admit, the Patriots have a good record, at least in recent years. And they seem to thrive under pressure.
they do. I wonder how much money the owner is spending on them to get those results. I wonder if they are making the profits to make that worthwhile. 
I'd be curious to know too. They do have quite the history. Did you know their former player, Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball during his whole career with the NFL.
wow. That is quite the feat! I wonder why we don't hear more about him?
Me too! And I'm not a huge football follower, but I can't help wondering at how it really seems to be an American passion only for the most part. I wonder if the U.S. would be different if its "football" was soccer or rugby or another sport that was a little less violent.
I don't know if I would classify rugby as less violent. It is like football without padding only everyone is wearing soccer cleats. 
Yeah, probably not, but at least the players don't seem to be hiding behind gigantic uniforms. Regardless, I certainly hope more Americans don't start considering Tom Brady's lifestyle suggestions their Bible!
I really hope so too! He is not the right kind of guy to follow. 
Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?
For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?
The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?
Well it is good and a very big deal in the US now. Even women can play if they qualfy
Women? Wow. How do the women do against the men?
I am not sure but I would like to see them play together. I mean there are only 11 minutes of active game play
11 minutes seems like a short game. Don't they have to play longer usually? What about the commercials and stuff?
Yeah that is what keeps us glued to the tv for that long. In the 60s bowlers made more money than football players
The 60s bowlers were the epitome of cool. Everyone wanted to be great like them. 
Yeah I guess, things have really changed now though. But still engineers make more than football players now
Engineers are the ones that make everything in life possible. They should be paid more. They should have competitions every Sunday.
Ohh that would be pretty cool, what ideas they come up with. And they are the ones that likely made those tracking chips they put in the players now
They sure are! The game is safe because of engineers. The players should be grateful. The nation should be grateful. Have you read the Bible recently?
I have not but I know some facts about it. How about you?
I have read the Bible and have not found the answers to the questions that I had about football.
Yeah I do not think they are there. They might be in the version that Jefferson created
Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.
Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it
There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?
No he just did not believe in resurrection and the miracles that are in the Bible
That is astounding! He helped create America, and that is a miracle that deserves to be in the Bible!
That is a good point, he was one of the main guys at that time.
Hi!  Do you follow football?
Yes I do, do you follow tom brady?
I don't follow him very closely.  I know he is a dominant force in football.  
He's a very dominant force. He's also in tune with his spiritual side. He's a really deep individual. 
That's really cool.  I heard there is a documentary or something coming out about him.  Tom vs Time?
That's what I heard as well. It's supposed to document how came from a 6th round draft pick, to one of the best there's ever been. I'm excited to see it. 

He didnt even get a chance to play when he was on JV in high school, they refused to start him as their backup.  Now look where he is, 6 rings.
Coach Belichick helped Brady and company a lot. He really knows how to bring people together for a common goal. 
That is why there is that "In Bill We Trust" motto
They mesh really well together for being so different. Brady is larger than life to fans, but you hardly hear about Belichick. 
I heard that the fans describe his fashion sense as raggamuffin
I heard it's hard to view him as being charismatic.
I can see that.  Brady on the other hand has those qualities.  That is why they are such a good pair.
It takes a special bond for someone to comeback after being down 28-3. 
That is partly why there is the TB12 method.  And so many buy into it
Bob Ryan doesn't believe in it. He said Brady isn't a spiritual figure and he thinks his new book is creepy?
I havent read his book, but I personally dont see him as a spiritual figure, just a good football player.
I think his spiritual side allows him to be more in tune with what is going on around him. If it works for him, it works for him. 
Very true.  Everyone has their own path, just because one might differ from mine doesnt make it wrong.
He is a great example of what can happen to someone that is truly committed in what they believe in. 
Very true.  Its been great chatting, but I must get going.
Hey! Do watch football?
Hi! I do! In fact, I've been wanting to follow the TB12 Method aka the athlete's bible that he says helps him stay at the top of his game at 40! What about you?
I watch football. Tell me little bit more about this method. Do you practice any sport? I guess TB12 Method focus in physical activities. 
It's Tom Brady's best seller and it appears to really work considering  he's appeared in six super bowl in eight tries!
Ok. Good luck then! Are you fan of any football teams?
I honestly love the NFL in general. Even though the regular season is only 17 weeks long from September to December, which is way too short. Ha! What about you?
I don't have any teams I really like and support. But I also was wondering why this is just 17 weeks long. Any idea?
I honestly don't know! Even though it is followed up with six teams from both conferences moving to the playoffs leading to the Super Bowl. Starting with four division winners and two wild card teams from each conference. 
Ok. Do you know that NFL has no written rules against female players? But it looks like they have sort of eligibility requirements. 
You would think we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? Especially when you consider there are only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average per game.
Exactly. But why no? With all movements in the society, I'm wondering why there isn't fight for female players...
To be honest, if they want to do it for the money, they'd be better off entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players! That would seem like a wiser financial choice!
Absolutely! Are you surprised about comparison of engineers and players? I was sure players make a lot of money.
Same here! That was surprising. In the 1960s, the top bowlers even made more than the top football players, which I couldn't believe and also found to be very sad, honestly. 
True. Do you know that the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0?
Really? That is insane? Do you think they were angry because their lockerroom was painted pink like the visiting football team's locker room at the University of Iowa? Ha!
Good joke! Honestly, I'm not sure this is respectful strategy to have painted pink room. I honestly don't think this smart. 
It sounds like a bad idea. Ha! But not as bad as forbidding cheerleaders from dining in the same restaurant as the football players like the Saints do. That is plain wrong and misogynistic, in my opinion!
I also surprised why this rule is still here, because it could be not legal from a lot of points of view. But I'm sure nobody follows it. It's like tradition.
Hopefully that's all it is, otherwise there would be some lawsuits I'm sure. I mentioned the athlete's bible earlier, but are you familiar with the regular bible as well? It has sold over 5 million copies, surprisingly, which I guess that's why it's the most influential and best-selling book.
I used to read Bible when I was a child. I honestly didn't know that until 1963 it was quite common for students to read Bible as a part of elementary education.
I didn't either, honestly! Just as I found out recently Jefferson created his own version of the Bible by cutting out the supernatural parts. That was interesting! Well it was great chatting with you today! Take care!
Good morning,
Good morning. How are you?
Doing well, I was just reading news about Tom Brady's new athlete bible, have you heard of it?
Yes I believe i have heard about it. Have you read it?
No, but they say Brady is like a "messiah" to patriot fans,  I think some people spend too much time with football, how about you?
Absolutely. Football takes over Thursday night saturdays and all day sundays ughhh
Some people take it too seriously, did you know the Univesity of Iowa's locker room for the opposing team is painted pink?
LOL yes and what gets me is that no female has ever tried to be i the NFL. Thres no rule against them being on a team.
Most women have better things to do with their time than play a game, it is lucritive though, amazing how times change, in the 1960's top bowlers made more than football players.
Yes that is amazing. As well as the average NFL game only has 11 minutes worth of gameplay.
Seems like much longer than 11 minutes.   Do you know an engineer makes more in a lifetime than a football player, and doesn't have to worrry about getting a concussion.
LoL thats mind boggling lol
I know I would be unhappy to be a saints cheerleader, they have crazy rules.
Yes they do. LIke the restaurant rule. I mean seriously thats crazy
That would nbe annoying, but I guess that track everything, the even use chips in shoulder pads to track the players movement.
Yes I agree. Do you know how many supposed sales of the bible there have been? Its over 5 billion copies I hear
Wow, I bleive it has been published in many languages, speaking of language, do you know the Tower of Babel was based on a real building in Iraq?
No I did not. That and every president has been sworn in on the bible except 2 of them.
Kids used to have to read the bible in school, after 1963, that only happens in private school, I wonder if our societal slide would be as great if we still exposed kids to the ideas about treating others with respect that are in the Bible?
Thats a good question. Its been good talking to you.
You as well
Thanks good bye
Hi there! Wondering if you like football? Tom Brady says football has become his religion!
I do like it!  Yes...he even wrote a book about how he maintains balance in his life called The TB12 Method.  Have you heard about it?
Yes! I love that he wants to know why we're here and what our purpose is!
Yes!  He credits it with helping him to stay at the top of his game.
He does! I like that he recognizes sports in a polarized nation can actually bring us together.
I agree.  They do tend to bring people together.  Have you seen his Tom vs. Time documentary?
No. Interesting football fact, did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing if they can meet the requirements?
I think I did hear about that.  I wouldn't be surprised if we see a woman make it here within the next few years.  There's quite a few playing at the high school level now.
I agree. The NFL has 32 teams.
Yes!  Did you watch the super bowl this year?  It's usually held on the first Sunday in February.
I did! It was great. Crazy that an engineer's average lifetime earnings are higher than an nfl'er.
Yes.  I'm guessing probably because they have a longer career.  In the 1960's top bowlers made more than the top football stars from that era.
I did not know that! Did you know that the Saint's cheerleaders can not eat at the same place at the same time as an nfl player and even have to leave if a player comes in while they're eating?
I didn't know that.  That's a weird rule isn't it?
It is! The NFL also uses tracking chips to track players and footballs. Tech sure has changed the game!
Yes it is.  That seems to be getting a little too technical if you ask me.  lol
So, back to Brady's interest in the bible, did you know prior to 1963 schoolchildren often read from the bible as part of their education?
I didn't know that.  I do know the bible is the highest selling book of all time with over 5 billion copies sold.
I am not surprised at all. I know there were only two presidents, Roosevelt and Adams that did not use a bible at swearing in.
I didn't know that either!  It was nice chatting with you!
bye
Have a good day!
Are you interested in Tom Brady's book, The TB12 Method?
I didn't know he published a book,  I thought "The TB12 Method" was a diet book of some sort, have you read it?
I have not.  I guess it is some kind of diet book, just Mr Brady's take on it.  What helps him stay youthful into his forties.
Perhaps it has something to do with his love for avocado ice-cream, I heard that it's a big part of the TB12 method, have you had avocado ice-cream before?
I just can't picture avocado ice cream.  I guess that's the thing with most healthy food, they're not appetizing.  Maybe Tom could have his own ice cream brand.
Oh my I hear you, if I wanted ice-cream, I'd just go for the good stuff, the rich and cream stuff not the frozen avocado! Do you think demand for avocados increased as a result of his book? Maybe that's why they're so expensive?
Why stop at avocado, how about broccoli ice cream.  If you put an NFL logo on it it will sell, or a picture of Tom Brady with his thumbs up.
I think that's what Tom Brady will do once he's too old to play football, he'll launch his own food brand company but he should probably wing it since there's only eleven minutes of live gameplay for a multimillion dollar salary
That stat about minutes is amazing.  The game seems to go on for hours and yet it is only eleven minutes.  I wonder how much time is taken up in TV adverts.
Considering that it takes me the entire Sunday to watch those games, I imagine they make lots of money in advertisements and yet in the 1960s, bowlers made much more than football players!
I bet the bowlers are wondering what happened.  Still I heard a life time as an engineer get you more than the average football player.
Yeah! Is bowling even broadcasted on sports channels anymore? Do you think that's true, that engineers make that much more than football players?
I think it the average player, not the mega stars.  I think the average length of career is only three or four years.  Still, when they retire they are pretty well set.
Oh, I see. Yeah, but I often hear about how football stars or athletes mismanage their money. You think if the females were to play they'd make comparable salaries?
I doubt it.  I understand there is no rule they can't play.  I suppose they could be a kicker.  I've never really been into football so I can't really comment.
They could be a kicker but I'd imagine they need to meet some sort of physical requirement in order to survive a tackle by the 300 pound linebackers!
I'm a pretty big guy, I can't imagine myself standing up well to that.  I might need a Bible afterwards, Last rights and all that.
Haha, speaking of bible, prior to 1963, students were required to read the bible as part of their curriculum, do you think that should still be in effect today?
I'm actually from England and went to school there before coming here.  We did religious studies and I think there is no harm in being educated on religion.
Yeah me too, there is lots of good things to be learned from the Bible, but I would imagine teachers may find it difficult to teach if they were of a different faith or something
There does not have to be preaching, just what education about what it is.  We were taught about all religions and the facts of them.  We were never told to believe in one or the other.
That's great! I imagine it would also lead to students like Jefferson who created his own version of the bible by using a razor to cut the supernatural parts to make a science fiction book!
Hey, how are you? Have you heard about Tom Brady "The TB12 Method"?
Hi! I have as a matter of fact. It's the athlete's bible. Ha! I heard Brady credits it for being in such great physical shape at the age of 40!
Have you practiced any of that? 
I would love to. Honestly, I'd like to follow it during the off-season just to get me by considering the NFL' s regular season schedule is only 17 weeks long from September to December. It flies by!
Are you NFL fan? I honestly watch sometime, but don't consider myself as fan
I am a big fan honestly. I love the Saints although I don't love that ridiculous misogynistic rule they still have in place that forbids cheerleaders from dining in the same restaurant as the football players. It's like, how has no lawsuits been filed over that one yet?
It looks like old tradition and I'm not sure anyone follows it. Also there is a question about penalty. Ok, a lady decided to stay in a restaurant. What will be penalty for her? It's interesting question.
Agreed. I can't believe in this day and age no one has complained about it yet. Just as I can't believe no women have been signed by any teams yet considering there are no rules preventing them from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements, ya know?
It could be next stage for #metoo. If any lady try to be NFL player, but will be rejected. I'm sure it will be huge scandal. 
So true. You'd  think with there being only 11 minutes of live gameplay, they could at least sign one to be a kicker, right?
I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying. 
You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!
I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?
That is insane and humiliating. Do you think Georgia Tech was mad because their lockerroom was pink like the visiting football team's locker room at the University of Iowa's are? Ha!
I don't think this is only reason hahahaha. Poor players! I would stay at home for year if I lost game like this. Because everyone will makes jokes about me and this event. Just want to change topic. Do you read Bible?
Tell me about it. I don't know what's worse: that it knowing the top bowlers made more than the top football players back in the 1960s. I read it sometimes. What about you?
I used to read a lot when I was child. I didn't know that apple and evil was the same word in latin "malus" and just in 4th century apple become apple.
Wow! I didn't either! I also didn't know that Adams and Roosevelt were the only two presidents who didn't use a bible for their swearing in ceremonies. I figured there would have been more!
Do you know any reasons why it wasn't used for ceremonies?
I honestly don't know! But speaking of Bibles and presidents, Jefferson actually created his own version by cutting out the supernatural parts. Wonder if that version is called the "King Jefferson" version? Ha!
That's good one! It was nice to chat with you. Have a good day!
Great chatting with you as well! I'm off to research the Etemenanki. They say the biblical tower of Babel was based off it. Have a great day!
Hi, are you a football fan?
I used to be
I watch here and there but not too much.
ever since the kneeling, I quit watching
Ahh.  I totally disagree with the kneeling thing too.  I just dont have cable so I dont tend to follow too much.
patriots win again....ho hum
I know. It is like a given at this point.  Im beginning to wonder if Brady is even human
that's great that you cut the cable. I did also. No regrets.
Just some internet and nextflix here.  If I care enough to watch a game, I have friends to go see it with.  And if it is total blow out, like that one 222-0 game, we can just play games and chat instead.
Yeah, not sure how the cable companies are going to stay in business many of us cutting the cord/dish
I think they are going to start offering streaming packages, or lowering prices.  Id be cool with picking a few channels that I like and paying $20.  I do get into some NCAA football.  I do like it better when my team does well though.
Yes, I think you are right about that. That makes sense to offer a package of channels that are actually watched. I would do that too if the price were right. Who's your team?
Florida State.  They have struggled the last few years.  Sent some strong people to the NFL who didnt workout too well recently.
Yeah, good players usually from the SEC
Even college sports is starting to get a bit political with the playoff system and all of that.  Why cant we just play and be proud?  Why do we have to analyze everything?
Yeah, it's tough to watch ESPN anymore. Seems very political. Watching sports to get away from that mess
Very true.  Athletics is like my break from all of that.  ESPN won an Emmy once for the yellow line.  I dont know what category that fits in to for an Emmy, but its pretty neat.
I don't think I've seen the "yellow line" will have to check that out. 
It is digitally added where the first down marker is so home viewers can see it a little better.  
Ahh ok, yes I have seen that "yellow line". I thought you meant they created a film or documentary called the "yellow line".
Ahh.  That would likely be more worthy of an Emmy than a CGI line on a field.  
I think we can go now after 10 turns. That's $2 towards you next cable bill. Ha!
Lol!  Have a good day!
Hello there, do you watch the NFL games?
I watch sometimes, but it's hard to keep up with it all. Do you know much about Tom Brady?
I know he is a great player and like him a lot as one. Apparently his favorite ice cream is avocado one
Not only that, but football has literally become his religion
Yeah it seems so much so that he now has even wrote a book on the aport
There's even documentary about his rituals in preparing for the season
Yeah he is all over now. Did you know women can also play in the NFL
I wonder what the eligibility requirements are though, since none have played so far
Yeah I wonder about that too but would be nice if they played too. Do you know what the highest score in a game has been so far?
Wasn't it a college game between Cumberland and Georgia Tech? 220-0
Yeah it was, what a game that must have been. I bet Georgia Tech still brags about it
It's likely in a hall of fame somewhere, though it wouldn't have been on television
Yeah I guess so. DId you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
For the superimposed first down line? I don't know if I would be able to keep up with the game without it!
Exactly so I think it was a well deserved award and it made our game watching easier
That and the chips used in the footballs and shoulder pads to track all the stats. I think those involve the viewers more
Yeah I really hope they can use the stats from those chips to make the game safer too
Maybe if the 11 minutes of live gameplay becomes safer, women will join the NFL
Yes that is a good point really. Technically they can play is they meet the requirements. 
I think many of them are becoming engineers instead. Over their lifetime, they're likely to make more money than the average player without the risk of injury
Yes that is a much better option. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I actually do, and not the version Thomas Jefferson created where he cut out the parts he didn't think were worth keeping
Yeah he must have really not believed about the miracles and the resurrection. 
I enjoy football do you?
I watch some once in a while.  Always try to catch the play offs
Did you know that in the 1960's that top bowlers were better paid than top football players? Can you imagine that now?
I d work a bit harder on bowling..  lol  That is crazy though.
It is. I would have chose that route also. Much less difficult on the body. Do you know what the highest score ever in football was?
It was 222-0  Almost impossible to believe that even happened.  
It is so crazy! How is it even possible to score that many points during one game?!
Im guessing a combo of a really good team vs. a bunch of toddlers or a really bad team.
I can't imagine. They must have been scoring the entire time. Did you also know that ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow line that we see on TV that indicates the first down line? I can't imagine watching football without that. 
Me neither, my mom was surprised when she went to one of my brother's live games in HS and it wasn't there.
Ha ha, that's hilarious. It definitely helps you to know what's going on. Were you also aware that there is a RB that never fumbled the ball in his career?
Yeah, he plays for the Patriots too.  Probably contributes to their on going success.
I'm sure it helped. I've also heard that the NFL on average has only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game. I knew there were a lot of commercials but that's surprising. 
Well the clock runs sometimes when they are walking to the next play.  Plus all the celebrating makes the game a lot longer too.
I agree. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?
I heard that. If there was a female player I hope theyd treat them better than the cheerleaders.
Are you referring to the way the Saints treat their cheerleaders?
Yeah.  Its crazy that they have to leave even if a player walks in while they are eating.
I had heard that. It's pretty disgusting. It's one thing to say they can't be in the restaurant together but another to say that if the cheerleader was there first and eating she has to get up and leave if a player enters. 
I wonder why people haven't fought that?  It just seems so wrong.
Good question. I did hear that a cheerleader for another team tried to unionize because she was only making minimum wage and she was fired so that may be part of the reason. They do not seem to treat their cheerleaders well. 
Maybe one day that will change.  I must get going.  Its been great chatting!
Hi, how are you? Do you know much about the Bible?
I'm good!  I know that it is the biggest selling book of all time.  Do you know how many copies it has sold?
It's got to be more than a billion. I figured almost every person on the planet could have one.
Yes I agree!   It's sold over 5 billion copies!
That's tremendous! Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students  to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
I didn't know that.  Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible.  Wonder why he did that?
He wanted to out the 'supernatural' parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection. He wanted to see religion in humanist terms.
Interesting!  Speaking of presidents and the bible...Teddy Roosevelt and John Quicny Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.
I think they swore on the Constitution. They felt that they owed allegiance to the people and the government first. 
That's interesting!  I didn't know that.  Are you a fan of any of the 32 teams that are in the NFL?
I don't follow the NFL much. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Steelers.  lol  I'm more of a baseball fan.  An engineer will make more in their lifetime than the average careers of an average NFL and MLB player.
That's one good reason to become an engineer. We need more engineers anyway.
Yes I agree.  An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Seems short for what's supposed to be 60 minutes of game time.
So much waiting around. I guess it creates anticipation. The tracking chips in players shoulder pads to record a player's moves must show them standing still most of the time. 
Yes lol  Those tracking chips seems like they are going a little too far just for a game.
I guess it helps understand the game for strategy, maybe injury prevention. 
That could be.  That didn't cross my mind.
I'm bothered that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player.
I agree.  That seems like an odd rule they have.  It doesn't make any sense.  Did you know that there's no written rule against a female playing in the NFL?
do you think the female players would have to leave the restaurants as well? Anyway, it's been fun chatting!
LOL yes it's been a pleasure!
Have a good day!
You too!
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
I do, Im not a big fan but I do follow the league, do you?
Nice. Do you know how many teams are there?
Yeah 32 teams in total, 16 in each division AFC and NFC, 
Yeah. And the game season is 17 weeks, that seems quite a lot to me
Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference
Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?
Yeah that guy. He is the only guy in the nfl to have never fumbled the ball
He was really talented, I never got to see him but my dad was a total fan
Nice. Did you hear about that rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
No, I didnt hear about that rule, what about it?
Well it is pretty strange where they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
That sounds like a terrible and sexist rule, well the team must have their reasons, I wouldnt put up with it though but then again I guess cheerleaders at that level make a lot of moeny
Yeah I guess but it is so wrong. Did you hear they are using chips now to track the players in the field?
I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive
Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads
Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play
Yeah that is true, so much downtime there. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
What about the bible? the collection of sacred texts!
Yeah there seem to be some interesting facts tied to it. 
Hi, how are you? Do you know much about the Bible?
Hi there! I know a little about the Bible and recently found out that the Tower of Babel was based on a real building in Iraq!
The Bible is full of interesting discoveries! For example, did you know that an apple only became known as an "apple" when the Bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century?
I didn't! Did you know that Thomas Jefferson created his own Bible version because he didn't like the supernatural parts!
He wanted to see religion in humanist terms. He wanted to understand the morality of Christianity without the miracles.
That's a good explanation! Did you know that Roosevelt and Adams are the only ones who didn't use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies?
I think they were sworn in on the Constitution. They felt that they owed allegiance to the people and the government first. 
That's good. I thought maybe they didn't believe in the Bible.  Many football players kneel after games to pray. Do you like football?
I sometimes watch football. It's interesting that the NFL has no rule against female players. 
It's very interesting, just like Iowa's pink visiting team locker room.
The pink probably is meant to have a psychological effect. I can't imagine it matters much, or everyone would do it.
Do you think there was much psychological effect when Cumberland was defeated 222-0 by Georgia Tech in 1916?
I think probably the Cumberland guys wondered why that game was scheduled in the first place. Pointless really.
I'm surprised Georgia Tech kept actively scoring points.  I wonder how many points Benjarvus Green-Ellis has scored since he never fumbled in his career.
The guy is a legend. He should get a special bonus for that feat. 
Definitely! I wonder how much he really played though because the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!
True. The action is sparse, but pretty violent. I guess fans love that aspect of the game.
Yes we do! I also love the yellow line on tv...did you know ESPN won an Emmy for that?
I did not know that. I guess it must have been a nice line. Anyway, thanks for the chat! Have a good day!
You too!
Bye!
Bye!
Do you watch american football?
Yes, I do! Do you?
not so much but i hear Tom brady has one the super bowl and written a book.
Yes, Tom Brady has one it several times. He is thought to be one of the best ever and he's still going strong at 40 years old.
Yeah your right. have you seen tom vs. time?
I haven't. I'm not a Tom Brady fan, but it sounds pretty interesting, especially how he's trying to figure out the "whys" in life.
Yeah he's got a good head on his shoulders. He said that in one of his spiritual episodes. 
I also think it's interesting that he feels the football and sports are considered a type of religion to some people. I've never thought of it that way.
Me neither. Like i said there fans are devoted in both him and bill belichick.
I've never heard of the author, Chopra, have you?
Well i think that's deepak chpora's relative.
You're right...I do remember reading that now that you mention it. Changing the subject a little...I was reading an article of some little known football facts. For example, University of Iowa has a pink locker room for visiting team... Do you know any?
Sure the patriots had a former running back who never fumbled the ball in his career. Do you know who that was?
Yes, that was Benjarvus Green-Ellis!! That's pretty awesome! Can you believe ESPN won an award for the creation of the superimposed yellow line? lol
Hey don't knock the line man it change the way we view the game and made life easier, lol!
Good Point!! Lol I had no idea the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads. How crazy is that!?
Soon all they will be is computer chips, just like that movie. advanced men playing sports, lol.
You're probably right...well maybe games will be cheaper to attend then...they won't have those high salaries to pay the players!
Yeah right you know they'll find a way to stick to us. Did you know that if a player comes into a restaurant to eat and a cheerleader is there the cheerleader has to leave. 
No! That seems ridiculous in this day and age! 
Right kind of sexist. i understand about fraternization but come on. 
Right!!!! But, yet, women can play football. The NFL doesn't have any rules against female players.
Well they should form a WNFL. have a good night nice chatting. 
Hello, do you like the NFL?
Yes, the NFL is great and it's awesome that there is not written rule against female players.
Yeah I like that fact and hope they play at some point. On the other hand they should get rid of that rule for cheerleaders in New Orleans
Yea, I agree it is ridiculous that cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if players show up.
Yeah that is too sexist. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of game time
That is crazy and I didn't know that. Did you know that engineers lifetime earnings are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player.
I guess it makes sense because their careers are also longer
That is a very true point, I didn't think about that. Did you know that there are tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record players movements.
Yeah seems like they are collecting lots of stats such as velocity, rotation and such. Hope they can use those to make the game safer
That would be nice. I think it also helps that the NFL is taking concussions more seriously.
Yes exactly. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I do not know has much as I probably should for how much I use to have to go to church, I do know that prior to 1963 it was not uncommon for students in the U.S. to be required to read from the bible as part of their grade school education.
Yeah I am kind of glad that is gone as I believe religion should be a choice and not imposed on anyone
I agree with that. Did you know that Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only two U.S. presidents that did not use a bible at their swearing-in ceremonies.
Did not know that. I know that Jefferson created his own version of the Bible
Jefferson sounds like a very interesting fellow who used a razor to cut out the supernatural parts in the bible.
Yeah he must have really not liked the miracles and the resurrection pat of it
I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.
Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?
Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.
Yeah, if that is the case I would like to visit such a historic place.
Hello, how are you?
I'm good thanks. Are you a football fan?
Not a die-hard fan but I keep up with it. What about you? I have some trivia about football if you're interested.
I'm about the same. Sure, I'd like to hear it.
Do you know about the tracking chips the NFL uses during the game?
I have heard a little, I'm surprised they are able to use it during the game and not just practice.
No, they use them on every player to track his every movement and also in the ball. In the players, they put the chips in their shoulder pads. The chips inside the football measure location, speed of the ball and rotation of the ball.
Technology is amazing. I can understand why they would be useful. If a player is getting tired they could tell right away.
I bet they can really compare performance between players pretty good with them, too. Did you know Tom Brady has a bestseller?
I have heard something about it. I might get a copy. I think it's something about he keeps healthy at 40.
Yes, it's called The TB12 Method and it's also called the "athlete's bible". He eats avocado ice cream, I didn't even know there was such a thing.
I didn't know about avocado ice cream either. I wonder if he uses a spoon or scoops it with doritos. 
LOL. Speaking of Bibles, did you know there were 2 US Presidents that didn't use a Bible when they were sworn into office?
Know I didn't know that. Which ones were they?
Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams. I'm not sure why. I do know that Thomas Jefferson made his own version of the Bible, he cut out all the verses on the resurrection of Christ and on the miracles of Jesus. He used a razor to cut them out and pasted them into his own mini-Bible. He was a believer.
That's interesting. I wonder if Roosevelt and Adams were atheists. I'm going to have to look that up.
I know, I'm wondering the same thing. Well, you know the Bible has sold a few more copies than Tom Brady's book, actually. Over 5 billion copies. I don't think he's going to catch up EVER.
I don't either. It's been nice talking to you. Have a nice evening.
Same to you!
Thanks.
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
The NFL? You mean the National Football League?
Yes. Do you have a favorite team or player?
Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.
Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?
There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.
Yeah there are about 32 teams right now
32. That makes sense. That's an even number, so it can be divided by two. Are there two leagues or divisions or something?
I am not sure about that. Do you know what the highest score in a game has been?
The highest score in a game? Probably over a hundred points. I don't know. Is that a Tom Brady game?
It was actually 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland. What a agme
That's bogus! Why would they do that? That seems cruel to humiliate that school. I think the other team should have forfeited.
well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.
I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?
Bowling is a sport of kings. Bowlers deserve more money for their elegance and charm.
I guess so. But that has certainly changed now. Still engineers make more over their lifetime than football players. 
I think that it would better to be a bowler, but then again I ain't so good with math. I guess engineers have a great future.
Yes it seems. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I've read a bit at the beginning and the end. Not much of a plot. Kinda confusing.
Yeah I have not read it either but it seems to be packed with history.
It's hard to believe that Tom Brady was only a sixth-round draft pick and now he's won like 6 Super Bowls.  
Yes.  He knows how to win that's for sure.  Have you seen his Tom vs. Time documentary?
I haven't, but it sounds interesting. He takes pride in his craft, no doubt.  His off-season preparations play such a big role in his success. 
Yes.  You can watch it on Facebook Watch.  Have you read his book "The TB12 Method"?
I haven't read that either, but if it provides any tips for how to stay fit and successful over 40, I'm very interested.  
Yes!  That's what it's about!  Did you know that the highest scoring football game ever was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0?  Crazy.
I feel bad for Cumberland.  That would have been hard to play through.  A score like that would set social media on fire today, but back in 1916, it probably didn't cause too much of a stir.  
No.  Probably not.  In the 1960's top bowlers made 2 times as much as the top football stars.  I'm sure that's way different now.
Indeed, bowlers don't get as much publicity or respect today.  It's all about the major sports.  But for career lifetime earning, engineers have pro football and baseball players beat.
Yes.  Probably because of their longer careers I'm guessing.  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled one time during his career.  Amazing!
He must have had really good hands.  That is an amazing statistic.  It's also amazing that there is only about 11 minutes of live game play during an NFL game.  That's a lot of downtime. 
Yes it is.  Imagine how much more fun it would be to watch if they played more.  I hate how they kneel at the end of quarters and run safe plays to burn time off the clock.
Agreed.  Those tracking chips the NFL puts in players' shoulder pads really don't have all that many movements to record when you think about it.  
No.  Same with the tracking chips on the footballs.  Seems like they are getting too analytical about it.  
I guess they are trying to study injuries more, but maybe they should focus on public relations a bit more.  A woman in the league or less friction between players and cheerleaders might create a better public impression for the sport.
Yes.  I think we'll see a woman get in there at some point soon.  There's no written rule against having female players in the NFL.
I agree.  It will probably be a kicker, and that would give them a chance to really contribute to a team's ability to score.  That would be cool.
Yes it would!  Did you know that the bible is the highest selling book of all time?  It has sold more than 3 billion copies!  That's a lot of books!
Yes, that is a lot of books!  And so many different authors have contributed to it.  Thomas Jefferson even created his own version.
I didn't know that.  Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only 2 U.S. presidents who did not use a bible when they were sworn into office.
I wonder why that was.  And I wonder what they were sworn in on.
I'm not sure.  It was nice chatting with you!  Have a good day!
Do you know Brady? he is a great QB a hall of famer
No, I don't follow football closely. I know the U of IA's visiting locker room is pink. I guess there are worse ways to intimidate a team.
I agree but it is an intersting tactic, intimidate a team by pink, that might slow them down.
Maybe when they first painted it. Not today. I cannot believe that espn won an emmy for that superimposed yellow line. Must have been a bad year for entertainment.
I agree, doesnt seem to be worth an Emmy, 
I find it hilarious that bowlers in the 60's made more than football players.
I find that hilarious as well, pro players make so much money not that seems irrational
Well, how else is Brady going to pay for his avocado ice cream?
I hear he eats lots of them, part of his success I wonder if its actually good for his performance
I don't know. It sounds disgusting to me. It's interesting that he is on a spiritual quest, yet looks at football as a religion.
I guess for many it is a kind of religion, that would make Brady one of the saints or angels of the NFL religion?
Who knows. Maybe he will be like Jefferson, and create his own version of the bible.
Maybe he will I might read that, sounds like an interesting book, did you hear about that humiliating defeat Cumberland suffered
I don't keep up with football, sorry. I am unsure how I feel about the tracking chips in the footballs and shoulder pads of players. Sounds very invasive.
It does seem invasive, I agree with the chip in the football we can learn about the game by placing the chip in the ball
Interstingly enough, Teddy Roosevelt and John Q Adams didn't use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies. 
I guess they arent religious, they sure lost a lot of votes because of that,
I wouldn't think so, as people back then knew how to separate country and religion. Unlike today.  Weird though, they did include passages from the bible in schools.
I think religion shouldnt be mandatory we all have different views, cultures and they should be respected,
I don't think so either. I do find it ineresting that apple means both fruit and malace.
The name has an interesting origin I agree, 
Hello there, do you watch the NFL?
I do, love the NFL you?
Same here. I like Tom Brady the most probably. Do you have a favorite player?
I do, my favorite player is Brady as well, he is so talented, he was won everything and still has the determination to win more
Yes for sure and now he is even a book author. Did you hear about that?
Yeah two books actually, The TB12 Method and Athletes Bible, so he not only makes money from endorcements but also from books
Yeah talk about talent all around. And he stays healthy by eating avocado ice cream it seems
They were the favorites to win the last Superbowl and it seems Brady had enough avocado icecream do to the trick
There you go. Did you know women can technically play in the NFL?
I didnt know that although its not a suprise they dont play in the NFL, can you imagine that?
I am curious what they would look like. It is good they have the option. Not like New Orleans cheerleaders, did you hear about their rule?
No, what rule do they have concerning cheerleaders?
Well they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
There not? that is a really bad rule did you know that ESPN won an Emmy because of the yellow first down creatioin?
That is pretty cool to win an award for it. But I guess it does help a lot if you are watching the game from home especially
It does, I think its one of the greatest inventions in the game, it keeps the game more organized and also easy to follow
Yes agreed. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
No not really, who is Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
He is a former QB who played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career
Oh I see, he must have been a great QB then, not fumbling, that sounds like a hard thing to do
Yeah he was for sure. It was nice chatting with you.
Hi, are you a football fan?
Yes, I like soccer. It's very popular all over the world.
Are you talking about soccer or American football as in NFL?
Soccer is called soccer in the US and football everywhere else.
I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?
I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.
I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.
It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.
I have the feeling you are a woman. So you like soccer because they fight?
I think it is a good way to get even on the green. To set things aright. American football would be a better way, but we are not allowed to play.
You're right there is no need to fight in American football because the whole game is one big fight.
True. Men have it easy. They can find reasons to fight and people accept them. 
Do you like to fight or do you just like to blow off steam?
I like to blow off stream by fighting through playing a sport. Do you read the Bible?
I have read the Bible, but lately have developed a whole different concept of what God is. How about you?
The Bible tells us to seek righteous vengence upon our enemies on the field of battle. There is no field of battle for women. We must invent one.
Maybe you should join the MMA. Are you familiar with that?
Yeah, it's good, but I'd like to see more examples of it.
Wow, I hope I don't ever get on your bad side.
I hope to meet God some day and challenge her to a cool MMA sport match-up.
Good luck on your quest.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
I do. I'm a big Patriots fan!
Nice. I assume you like Brady then too? He is a obok author now as well. 
I am, it's a pretty good book, it's very inspiring. 
I have not read it yet and I am also looking forward to the series TOm vs. Time
I think that it will be good. He's done so well staying healthy all these years. 
Yes he sure has. I wonder if that is the reason he sticks to healthy ice cream too, avocado
Probably, and he's had a good supporting cast on his team. From his linemen and the staple of good running backs. He had Benjarvus Green-Ellis, he was a stable back. He never fumbled in his career.
That is so impressive that he managed to do that in his career. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?
I did not know that. There's no written rules against it?
Yes there is not but I do not know of any women who have tried for it
I wonder why none has tried.
Yeah me too. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Was it 222-0? I know Georgia Tech beat Cumberland by that much in the early 1900s.
Yes it is still that record. What a win. On another topic do you know much about the BIble?
I know a little bit. When I went to school it wasn't uncommon for us to be required to read from the bible. Although I went to school way after 1963.
Yesh that seems strange. It has already sold more than 5 billion copies
Did you know that apple only became known as an apple when the bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century?
Yes because it has the same meaning as evil too, from the word malus
That's pretty interesting. I've heard that Teddy Roosevelt didn't use a bible at his swearing-in ceremony. I wonder if there was an outrage back then?
I wonder about that too. Quincy did the same thing as well.
Hi, how are you? How much do you know about the Bible?
yes I do. It the best selling book of all time
Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education? Times certainly have changed!
My mom told me that. Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.
True. He created his own version of the Bible, He wanted to see religion in humanist terms.
Teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams must not have believed as well 
They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.
It interesting how the work apple came about
That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.
good point. Tom Brady is a true believer and a very spiritual person
I guess he would be sworn in on a Bible. Maybe his own. LOL.
Haha, he did write his own bible like book called "athlete's bible"
I guess that must be a best seller since he's a champion and all. Have you read it?
I will one day. I would like to see his facebook videos called "Tom vs. Time
That would be interesting. The NFL has a lot of interesting personalities. Did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players? Women would be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
I never knew that. I do not like the fact that cheerleaders cant eat with the players
Yeah, the cheerleaders are required to leave. That seems sexist. The NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads to record a player's moves on the field.  Maybe they could record their movement off the field and avoid these situations.
It cool to know that ESPN created the superimposed yellow line representing the first down 
I guess it was innovative for its time. Now it just seems to normal and obvious. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
Me too. I am about to go read Tom Brady's book
Enjoy! Use it for your swearing in ceremony!
lol I will
Have you read Tom Bradys book TB12 Method?
No I haven't but I have heard that is about good health, joy and peak performance for your life
Don't forget the Avocado Ice Cream, lol! have you had that before?
No I am not sure that sounds too good, although I do enjoy avocados.  The book is Brady's best selling Athlete's Bible and lifestyle brand. 
Yeah how he still manages to do great even at 40. The fans have a greed for the patriots. " In bill we trust".
They say that football is Tom Brady's religion of sorts.  He has a devotional love for the game
Yeah i heard that as well as the book having a cultist undertone. 
It is said that football is his vocation-It's what gives his life meaning and purpose
Yeah he says he's after something bigger than football, bigger than wins and losses. 
He has series on Facebook Watch that looks at his physical and mental preparation and the other episodes will focus on his spiritual side as well.
Yeah is it called Tom vs. Time?
yes, He says to live his spiritual life through sports is a very authentic way to learn
Yeah that does sound zen. Iowa universities visiting locker room is painted pink.
That is so funny.  I saw that ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line
I love that line, it represents the first down!! lol. do you know that there was a retired patriot that in his career as a RB never fumbled the ball?
yes wasn't that Benjarvis Green-Ellis?
Yes what an amazing accomplishment. Do you know how long a regular season is?
I believe it's 16 games.  Is that correct?
It is because of the bi-week it makes it 17 weeks but 16 games is correct. 32 teams split into 2 divisions. 
I saw that the NFL uses tracking chips embedded in the shoulder pads to record their moves.
Yes and in the ball to record speed and velocity. I tell you the way tech is going, who knows what the game will look like in 10-15 years. 
Yes, that should be interesting.  I read that the NFL has no written rule against female players
I heard that too, I wonder why none have tried out, that i'm aware of. Have you heard of any?
No I haven't.  It says that they would be allowed to if they met the eligibility requirements.
I think they should create a league like the wnba. 
Yeah that would be good.  Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
Well we must be watching a lot of commercials then! nice talking with you.
Morning! Not sure about you but I really like Tom Brady, health enthusiast and football player. Did you know about his spirituality?
I dont really like the Patriots but Brady is the best I have ever seen, and no, what about his spirituality?
He take a spiritual approach to life and the game. He says he wants to know why we're her e and our purpose. Then he tries to unite people too.
I think thats great, he published two books The TB12 Method and the Athletes Bible.
Yes, that's right! So moving on to football, did you know the highest score ever was georgia tech vs cumberland 222-0?
222-0!!! was the other team blind? that's a humiliating defeat wow
haha-I know! I did not know that the term football covers any sport that involves kicking a ball with the foot, did you?
Yeah thats soccer, its actually my favorite sport
Oh, nice. I also had no idea that the NFL has no rule against female players so long as they can meet eligibility requirements.
I had no idea either, what are your thoughts on this matter? seems like woman are at a disadvantage because of the strength the game needs
I say play if you can! Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat at the same restaurant as a player and have to leave if a player is there?
That is a really unfair rule, did you ever watch the football player Benjarvus Green Ellis play?
No, I don't think so.
Ok so he was a running back for the Patriots, he used to be great, never fumbled a ball, his retired now
Wow! That's impressive. Did you know the NFL uses chips in shoulder pads and balls to track velocity ball speed, rotation and location?
I did not, its crazy how tech is taking over the world, over sports, it has made the game better though, just like the creation of the first down line in football
Yes, agreed. So back to Tom's mention of the bible. Did you know that Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible?
He did, I wonder how its different from the original version, Jefferson was a really smart man
Yes, very smart. It differed in the fact that he took a razor and removed all of the supernatural references. Good talking today!
Thats odd, why take the miracles and supernatural parts out of it I guess he had his reasons.
I guess. Have a great day! Goodbye now.
Hello, my great friend? How are you? Have you thought about football recently?
hello im good and no not since the superbowl im into basketball are you?
Basketball? Is that even a sport? I thought there had to be blood for a sport to be recognized in the Bible.
ha! i guess there would only be football and hockey if that was the case.
True. Blood makes a sport a sport. Women's soccer is a sport, men's soccer is not a sport. I figure that basketball should add helmets, pads and tackling to make it real.
hmm to each his own i guess bible times and modern times differ a lot who knows maybe it would be acceptable now.
In the 60s bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. Bowling isn't technically a sport according to the blood criterion. 
you have a wide range of sports knowledge i see how'd you come to learn so much?
I have to say that it was my strict religious upbringing. The athletic catechism that I received gave my holy insight into sports. Football is the holiest, of course.
may i ask what religion?
I don't reckon that my forebears gave it a proper name. They called it The Faith. We kept The Faith. Football and sports were part of The Faith.
Very interesting may i ask what football team your a fan of?
Favoring one particular team is a transgression in The Faith, for all strive to be recognized in the eyes of the Creator. There is no hierarchy among the Saved.
I see, is there a form of church of this religion you speak of?
Not a formal church. The church is wherever members of The Faith gather in congregation to exalt in the name of the Creator.
How would one go about attending one of the services?
We are not a proselytizing religion. The Bible has hints and signs of how to join, but only the Pure can enter The Faith and co-join with the Creator.
I see i live in a big city i have a feeling it would be hard to get into it.
Do not despair. Other have watched football and found way to the Faith.
I won't, I guess I'll just watch more football.
Peace. Prosperity. Faith. Football. Have a blessed day.
You too!
Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?
I know some about them.  Mostly stuff about Tom Brady
Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?
He is obviously one of the best.  I heard he is having a documentary made about him called "Tom vs. Time"
Yes. 1st  episode aired on Facebook in January. More to come, I understand. Behind-the-scenes stuff.
They say what is really the important part of it is his devotional love for the game.  It is what gives his life purpose apparently
Agreed. His best-selling book has been dubbed an "athlete's bible". Not so sure I'm comfortable with that term...
Yeah that is different.  He credits a method called "The TB12 Method" with keeping him at the top of his game at age 40
Don't know much about it, but I can say that the recent term, "lifesyle brand", which applies to Brady, disturbs me. There are commercial "brands", sure, but lifestyle brands? What do you think?
It sounds a bit like a cult following to me.  It says that football is his religion.  Strange to me I guess.
Agreed. But then I guess I'm not a superfan. I love sports, but it's entertainment to me, not religion. What's your take?
Definitely just entertainment.  It seems to be his main goal in life though.  Sad. He says to live his spiritual life through sports is a very authentic way to go
Mmm. I'm no expert, but I wonder if Brady's just really trying to say, "Hey, I'm more than just a jock." Which a lot of people already know...
Maybe so.  A Psychology professor, Daniel Wann, says that sports bring people together more than religion.  I agree unfortunately that that is probably true
Good point. But I've been at soccer (football) matches where nasty fights broke out. Sports divides too, doesn't it?
You very right actually.  I saw that the Patriots have their own saying "In Bill We Trust"  I am not sure I like that motto.
Right. Belichick's no god. He is a great coach (when balls are properly inflated), and Brady may be the greatest QB of all time. Did you see the Patriots' Super Bowl game against the Atlanta Falcons?
It is very true but still they are only human right?  They say that the fans have a near religious devotion.
Heard that. When you have a team that can come back from a 28 to 3 deficit and win a Super Bowl in overtime, that ability to rebound from being down radically energizes people, don't you think?
It can for sure but for the fans to describe him as a kind of Messiah.  I just think that is going a bit far.
I agree. That's way off center, and must be offensive to some devout faithful of many religions. Don't think Brady has divine inspiration, just great human inspiration and athletic skills.
They say they'r some players who try to keep the focus on their faith in God rather than the team
Glad to hear it. Hoped they're not mocked too much. Some folks, like Pro Bowler Matthew Slater, have been downright evangelical off the field, but done it quietly, not "for the money", as it were.
Yes, I've seen that.  I read that Slater and other patriots were featured on Football Sunday, a national church based outreach event on Super Bowl Sunday.
Good that they got a sound bite. Alghough lots of us will never really buy Brady's messianic hype, we can always appreciate his football accomplishments, and wonder how many tens of millions of $$$ he's getting in sponsorships. For life!
Yes he started his career as a 6 round draft pick and now he is arguably the best ever at his craft
Absolutely. His name is already carved into millions of memories. Great to talk football with you.
yes, I have learned alot!
Me, too. Thanks.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Hi! I love watching football! I enjoy watching on tv and appreciate the yellow line, but don't think it was Emmy worthy for ESPN
Yeah that is quite an award. Do you have a favorite player or team?
I love the Green Bay Packers!  What do you think about tracking chips in the players' shoulder pads?
I like it because they seems to track velocity, rotation and such which I hope can be used to make the game safer
That's true the safety impact could be huge! They need to be a little more concerned about womens rights in New Orleans with their cheerleaders!
I think so too, it is rude and sexist. Why can;t they be at the same place.
Especially when they were there first! Obviously football players aren't as great as everyone thinks because an engineer makes more in their lifetime than our overpaid football players.
Yeah I guess their careers are shorter so they have less opportunity to make money
Yes, just surprising with what they make per year! I wonder how much Benjarvus Green-Ellis made with never fumbling in his career?
Yeah that is pretty amazing, what a talent. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I heard that! I wonder if that tactic actually works. Maybe Georgia Tech did too when they defeated Cumberland 222-0 in 1916...
That is such a record, wow. Maybe that is what it was. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of active game play
That's insane with how long the entire game takes! Did you know that bowlers use to make more money than football players?
I cannot really wrap my mind around that. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I know some, but didn't know Roosevelt and Adams didn't swear in on the Bible...I thought presidents had to!
I guess it is optional. I wonder what kind of Bible Jefferson swore on.
I wonder if it was his own with the supernatural parts cut out?
I am not sure but he just did not believe in the miracles and the resurrection part in the Bible
I wonder if he believed in Babel because people think it's based on a real building in Iraq.
Yeah it seems to be the etemenanki I would love to see that.
Do you watch football?
I do, I  love football, Tom Brady is one of my favorite players.
Apparently he has some exciting ideals about his success.
He is one of the most successful players, he wond the Superbowl with his teammates this year
Yeah i didn't see the game. I hear he owes his success to the Avocado ice cream he eats.
Really avocado ice cream? that doesnt sound like a good food for a player, but who knows maybe it has secret properties
Yeah he says it all part of his tb12 method.
I guess its as good as method as any, Brady must win a lot of money, bowlers used to make more money in the 60s
Yeah i know twice as much can you believe that? The patriots are slighted to win the next superbowl as well.
Yeah, the Patriots are a team with a solid base so yeah, it would make sense to watch them win another Superbowl but football is a game full with suprises, one never knows
That's true i would honestly like to see another team raise to the occasion. Cheerleader are not allowed to stay at a eating place if a player comes in. 
Thats a really messed up rule, that is totaly unfair, it should be the players the ones that have to leave, that rule makes me so angry
Yeah it does seem sexist. i do understand that there trying to avoid employee fraternization. 
Its really odd, did you know about the tracking chips players have embedded in their shoulders?
I heard about that, soon we will be watching drones and AI players.
I agree, tech is taking over the world, many football players suffer brain damage towards the end of their careers so maybe they can make tech that keeps players protected
They should set a limit to how long a players career is as well. Theres a movie about that brain damage you mentioned. 
Really? I havent seen that one, what is it called? I bet many people in the industry disliked the movie
It was called Concussions, Will Smith played the main character. The NFL went to great lengths to keep all this quite
Oh I think I watched that one or at least fragments of the movie,do you think that movie changed things?
Very little but regulation about helmet to helmet and the design of the helmets changed. Nice chatting with you.
I hope things can change in the future, its been nice chatting with you as well.
I enjoy football do you?
Yes, both college and NFL.  What do you think of Tom Brady and his book the Athletes Bible?
I had no idea he wrote a book. I wonder if he really wrote it or it was a ghost writer?
Who knows... It's not really about religion, it's more of a philosophy and taking care of oneself. 
He would definitely be someone who knows about taking care of themselves physically. He seems to have a good family life as well. 
Yeah.  There are religious entities on the Pat's.  Matthew Slater is an off-the-field evangelist. 
Wow. I had no idea. Speaking of football, did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for creating the yellow line that marks the first down? Can you imagine watching a game without that there?
That was a nice addition.  Bob Ryan, a columnist, disliked Brady's belief systems.
Honestly I would have to read the book to make any judgement on it. I suppose it also depends on his reasons for writing it. 
Well, he sure doesn't need money.  I heard his model wife makes more than him.  Wow. 
I had also heard that. I suppose she was the most popular supermodel in the world at one time. Were you aware that in the 1960's top bowlers made more than top football players?
Yeah, that's change tremendously.  I can't believe that former Pat' Benjarvus Ellis never fumbled in his NFL career.  Amazing.
I did not know that. That's amazing! I did not think that anyone had accomplished that.
Did you know that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual gameplay.  Seems way low...
That does seem very low. I knew they spent on whole lot of time on commercials, reviews, and setting up but I didn't think it was quite that extreme. 
I played in HS and there is a lot of standing around even without the commercials. We didn't have tracking chips in out shoulder pads either. Hee.
I did hear there were tracking chips in the players and the football. My question is why do they not use those at all to make calls? Why do they only rely on reviews when they have that data?
I don't know.  The would have to instrument a lot of stuff for that.  It would remove human error though. 
I agree. Did you also know that in the 1960's top bowlers made more than top football players?
That sure has changed.  Did you know the Tower of Babel in the bible may be a real find in Iraq? 
No I had no idea. I wonder how they came to that conclusion?
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Ho there, yes I do very much so. DO you have a favorite player?
Yes I sure do , I really like Brady a lot as a player. And you?
Nice me too, I love the guy a lot. Do you know his favorite ice cream flavor?
It is what is super healthy, avocado. He is very dedicated to a healthy diet for sure
Yes he sure is. Did you know he wrote a book also now?
Yes the TB12Methond, the Athlete's Bible. Have you read it yet?
I have not read it yet. And there is also a documentary series Tom vs Time that I would like to eventually watch
Yes me too actually. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I wonder why that is though. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .
Yes it has made game watching at home much easier for us for sure
Agreed on that. Do you know who Banjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Yeah he is a legend, he only guy in NFL to have never fumbled the ball in his career
What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?
Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?
Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go
Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?
I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies
Yeah exactly and it was part of the education system until late, like 1963
Hello, do you watch football, as in the NFL?
I have watched football. Sometimes in between, I read.
Nice. Did you know women can technically play there too?
Women can technically do many things, but shouldn't. I think that men could technically become NFL cheerleaders. Should they? Only the Bible can say.
I guess. Speaking of the Bible, did you know Jefferson make his own version of it?
I guess it could be called a Bible, but it lacks the essence, the crux, the soul of the Bible. Who was Jefferson anyhow? 
He was one of the presidents of the US, the early ones. I guess he did not appreciate the supernatural within the Bible that have to do with resurrection and miracles
He failed to see the promise in those miracles. I guess he tried to plot his own course, one not parallel with the Bible. I bet Jefferson would even watch football if he were alive today.
You never know I guess. Do you know why an apple is called as such now?
Well, what else would we call it? We had to have a name for it, and I guess Steve Jobs came up with a good one.
Well it originates from the latin language malus which means both apple and evil
I never thought the fruit was evil, but the company was literally so. Apple. Hm. Never would have guessed there was evil lurking in its skin.
I guess so. In the US up until '63 the Bible was a required read in elementary schools 
I figure they would let that Jefferson one in the schools. Too bad.
Yeah I guess not. The Biblical tower of Babel actually is believe to be a real building that exists today.
A real tower? Does it say "Babel" on it? Or TRUMP?
Well, I am not sure what it says in it but it is the Etemenanki in modern day Iraq.
I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long
I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game 
I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.
Yeah that is true. It was nice chatting with you.
hey friend
Hello hello there, do you watch the NFL games at all?
I love watching the NFL games, it is my new sunday religion, how about you?
Nice, I only watch it sometimes. Did you know women can play as well?
I did not know that.
Oh there you go. The game lasts only 11 minutes really do anyone should be able to do it
My ex wife could be in the NFL, she is so strong
Did you know engineers make more money their football players over their lifetime?
I bet they do, you really only last a few years in the NFL depending on how good you are. Did you know in 1960 the top bowlers made more money than football players?
Yeah that is insane to me. But even now engineers make more than football players over their lifetime
That is so insane also, I want to be an engineer just to make more money.
Yeah I guess it is a good profession for that. Did you hear about NFL using tracking chips on the players?
I did not know that, are they in their shoulder pads?
Yeah they are and they track velocity, rotation and a bunch of other stuff.
wow, it must be made by those engineers who make a lot of money.
There is a good chance there. Did you know the ESPN won an Emmy?
I did know that, it was for that yellow line on TV right?!
Yeah the superimposed line, I guess that deserves an award. Even bowlers used to make more money than football players back in the day.
I did not know that! Good chatting with you!
Yeah, at least they were able to claim that. Nice chatting with you too.
bye!
Goodbye.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?
I love the NFL!  I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.
Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games
Yes.  It seems to go fast.  Each team plays a 16 game schedule.
Yeah it does seem that for sure. Interesting that bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
How much more did they make than the players?
Not sure but I think it was because at that time football was not that popular. But even today, the engineers still make more than the average football players
Probably because in the long run they have longer career.  Did you know the highest scoring game ever was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0?  Crazy.
That is insane. Did you know ESPN got an Emmy once?
I didn't know that.  What did they win it for?
It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line
Interesting!  RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career.  That's pretty incredible.
That sure is. What a talent. Did you know women can play too?
I think I read that somewhere.  I don't think there's any rule saying that they can't play as long as they meet the eligibililty requirements.
Yeah that is is. I hope it happens soon. Did you know about that weird rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
No.  What is it?
They are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the football players
That's an odd rule for sure.  There is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in an average NFL game.  Seems like that should be a lot more than that for what they get paid.
Yeah it is strange since we have to be glued to the tv for so long too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?
I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!
Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible
I didn't know that.  Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.
Yeah they must not have liked that. Jefferson took out the supernatural from the Bible.
Good evening!  Blizzard like conditions here has me thinking about breaking out the Bible on a cold night inside!
I wont rub it in your face, but I live in Florida so I have the AC running.  I might do so as well.
LOL!  I won't be altering my Bible like President Thomas Jefferson did.  I guess he wasn't fond of things like miracles or resurrection, so he took them out of his version.
I heard that, with a razor no less.  Nothing like picking and choosing what parts to follow.  There are a few presidents who were sworn in on something else too.
Wow.  I would have thought that was in the Constitution or something.  Do you happen to know which presidents weren't sworn in on a Bible?
Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams. I am surprised Jefferson isnt among them, or at least with his special Bible.
I agree with you.  I know that the Bible has different iterations or even books that one denomination considers canon and another apocryphal, but I doubt most of those made a decision quite as arbitrarily as our former president!
Very true, there are several that Catholics include yet, Protestants dont.  I dont know how those decisions came about, to remove parts, or even what is in those parts removed.
A lot were based on Church councils.  What Catholics use today, was mostly codified in the 300s.  I think the New Testament most Christians agree on, but the Old Testament is a different story!
That is interesting for sure.  I think the translation of the word Apple is interesting, have you heard about that one
I don't think I do, but I'm interested in hearing more.
When it was translated in to Latin in the 4th C, the word malus meant both Apple and Evil.  
Interesting.  You take it for granted that it was always apple.  Then again, you find other things might be true.  For example, the Tower of Babel appears to be based on a building in modern day Iraq.
That is really cool.  I think Biblical history is pretty cool
I agree.  By the time I was in elementary school, the Bible wasn't being studied, but I guess it was the norm for the generation before me.
It was never a part of my schooling either.
I wonder if it was part of Tom Brady's because he has his own personal belief system these days.
I heard it was called TB12
That's right.  I guess some consider it an "athlete's bible," but is more than just athletics.  I think there are some that have mentioned that it is almost cultish!
I can see that.  Patriots fans consider him the Messiah.  
Which is a little unnerving.  There is no doubting his accomplishments on the field, but not sure I am ready to follow his beliefs off the field.
I would agree with you there.  Ive got  to get going.  Nice Chat!
Hi, are you a football fan?
Yes, I was a KC Chiefs season ticket holder for a decade and moved to the Boston area 4 years ago. So I watch a lot of football, college and pro.
Good. Did you know that a college team once defeated their opponent 222-0?
No, I went to school at Illinois and have set through a lot of losing football, but scoring 222 points of a game seems almost impossible to me. I was surprised in the 60's the top bowler made double the top football star. Things have really changed since then.
Yes they have. I am still a sports fan but I am somewhat outraged at the salaries.
Well, it was surprising that an average, and once again, average engineer's life time earnings is higher than the average NFL and MLB player. I can see that for football players with injuries and short career bringing down the "average", but not baseball. They top stars though are handsomely compensated that for sure.
Yeah NFL careers are shorter because of the injuries. But, what do you think about a MLB player getting $30 million a year for ten years?
I think our societies value's are a little upside down, $30 million to play a kids game. I was a little surprised that there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay in the average NFL game. I hope that brings the injuries levels downs a lot of old NFL's are broke and suffering.
I was thinking about that too. Imagine how many hours of practice go into that 11 minutes.
Yep, and of all the older players who they studied their brains for that truama syndrome, they almost all showed signs of it. Sad and it seems a little barbaric for National TV revenue and our entertainment. Yet I watch the sport.
I know right? We all do. I wish they could figure out a way to make the sport safer.
The paying lip service, what do you think of the Gotham Chopra assertion that many use NFL akin to a modern religion. I live outside Boston and thought that was a little overstatment. I might say more akin to nationalism or more secular types of things that bring people together or rival communities in competition.
I like your community competition idea better. Some people get pretty radical defending their teams.
Yes, I work with a couple of Alabama Crimson Tide alumni and they might get on the border line religion. That University of Iowa, painting the visiting locker room pink is kind of funny. I guess the merges into psychology, irony and a bit of farce.
It is kind of funny. But, do you ever wonder why we love watching violence. Football, boxing, MMA and even the news fasinates people.
Well I don't like boxing and MMA, but they do have a lot of fans. As I examine football I wonder what draws me to it, must be something in my lizard brain. It drives commercial  revenue and makes a lot of money so there's something in society it caters too, we haven't evolved far from the Roman Gladiators blood sports in the colusium. 
I think have nailed it with the Roman Gladiators. Society really hasn't changed much at all.
Since there's no explicit rule against women in the NFL, do you think they'll ever be a woman kicker? I've seen some women's soccer matches that looked like they're good enough!
I think there will be a woman president before there is a women kicker even though I think they can be good enough. 
I think they could as place kicker, not any other positions. Once again society hasn't evolved as far as we think. 
Agreed. Thanks for the good conversation. Have a good one.
Hello do you like Tom Brady ?
I love him and his inspiration. I would lobe to read his book "athlete's bible"
Me too. Its a best seller just like the bible.
The bible is the best selling book of all time. 
Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection. He made his own bible
Teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams must did not believe as well. 
its intresting how the word malus" means both apple and evil.
OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?
No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player
That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in. 
Its cool that ESPN made the yellow line
That is cool. It is also cool how they put tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record moves
Yes and they put them in the footballs to record data
Why do I think that the NFL seems to have more than 32 teams ?
It does have only 16. Each team playing 16 games and having one bye week. 
So if a game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay, The rest must be commercials lol.
Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?
Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime
And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field 
I would have walked off after the first 100 points.
Well enjoy tom brady and his videos. Good day !
Hi, how are you doing today? Did you hear anything about Tom Brady and that football has become his religion?
I have not. When did he start that religion? It sounds intriguing.
Well, Tom Brady has a plan for our lives which includes joy, good health, and peak performance. And he throws in a little avocado ice cream to boot.
Why would he ruin ice cream? A god-given fruit?
I know, right?  No really, he credits all of his success to  something called the "TB12 Method" and it's Brady's best-selling 'athlete's bible' and lifestle that he credits with helping him stay on top of his game at age 40.
I have not heard of this method. Is it a special method for people like me?
I'm not sure about the answer to that but Brady's apparently on a spiritual quest and it appears to work. I would say TB12 stands for Tom Brady his 12 points of devotion to winning the game. Tom actually loves the game and its his vocation. Its what gives Tom his life meaning and purpose.
I am glad for Tom. He has found his calling. He can spread the calling. 
Well, its all about a series which started on Jan 25th on Facebook Watch and the first two episodes looked at Brady's mental  and physical preparation.
It sounds intriguing. I guess Tom has it made. Do you ever read the Bible?
Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?
I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.
I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.
That is many copies. I hope that the person who wrote it got some money. Often authors do not get paid well.
Go figure, Hey, did you know that the University of Iowa's football team locker room is completely painted pink? Now that is funny!
Why must they paint it pink? Did they lose a bet? 
I'm not sure about that one but did you also know that in the 60's top bowlers got paid twice as much as the top football stars? Is that wild or what?
I guess bowling much more challenging than I thought. Now I respect bowlers much more. 
Funny. Still, football is an exciting game, did you know that the highest score in a football game happened in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222 to 0? That must have been some game to watch way back then. They might not have even worn good helmets that long ago.
Helmets are essential to game. That would be terrible if the victory was because one team did not have helmets.
That would have been a shame if that is what happened. I found out the ESPN won an Emmy for superimposing that yellow line representing first down for American football games. That's cool.
hi there, do you watch the NFL?
i do. Apparently Tom Brady has made football his religion.
Seems like it. He is great at it. I bet that avocado ice cream he likes helps with staying in shape
Yeah i like avocado's but i don't think they belong in ice cream. 
Did you know he is a book author as well now?
Yeah i heard that, the Athletes Bible right? have you read any of it?
I have not but apparently it is what has helped him get to where he is now
I'm sure being married to Gisele doesn't hurt. i hear she makes twice as much as he does. 
Yeah she is such a famous worls model so no wonder there
They say that the patriots even this early are still slated to win the next super bowl. 
They have been doing pretty good there so I would not be surprised. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
I know i was surprised that no one has attempted to try out. personally o think they should just have their own league like the WNBA
Yes me too, I would watch that for sure. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes and i approve that yellow line made my life easier, lol! 
True. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I know that Thomas Jefferson made his own bible by defiling one. 
Yeah he took out all the supernatural stuff with a razor
He should have just went and got a nonfiction book. Two US presidents were not even sworn in using the bible. Do you know who they were?
Wasn't that Roosevelt and Quincy? They must have really not believed.
Yeah i guess but what did they do pinky swear them in. 
Haha good one, I wonder how that went. Do you know how the word apple came to be?
as far as biblical they say that the original word was translated into Latin and it meant both evil and apple. Nice chatting with you.  
Yeah, same here. Have a good one
Did you know Tom Brady has a best selling book "The Athlete's Bible"?
Is that the TB12 Method everyone is talking about?
Yep. It is somehow equated to spirituality although it is about staying on top as an athlete in that sports brings people together like a religion. 
At 40, and still at the top of his game, I bet there is quite an audience for anything he has to say on staying healthy!
Yeah, Pats fans see Brady as a messiah.  Some, reflecting on coach Belichick say "In Bill We Trust". 
That's quite a creed to recite.  Under Bill an Tom, the Pats have won 6 superbowls, and in a game where winning just one superbowl is the goal of a lifetime, I can understand the reverence afforded these guys.  
All the reverence may be a little over the top.  A columnist, Bob Ryan said it was "cult-like". 
Sure. Football fans often border on idol worship each sunday. And to many, football is the only religion they have. That makes them vulnerable to wanting to fill their hearts with something bigger than themselves.
Yeah.  Football is like that to many in the world that like the "football" that Americans call soccer.  I guess we have kicking the ball though some kind of goal in common.
We can find inspiration in athletic performance and success, and for some, that is the depth of their spirituality. I am reminded of the words of Eric Little, the Olympic champion runner, who said that he felt the pleasure of God when he ran.  There are faith lessons in BRady's example of dedication to his craft.
He is dedicated.  I wonder if he would be in pro football players were paid less than top pro bowlers like the were in the 60's. 
Good point. But I think Brady is a true believer, whose dedication goes beyond money...but money helps I;m sue!
He gets really good pay considering the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual gameplay.  I think that's low...
Yeah, but Brady is an anomaly. The average NFL player has a lower lifetime earning potential than the average engineer.  But it is a game that is fun to watch!
I'm an engineer and I don't see that.  Not for someone that's a top QB like Brady.
I woulod like to see Brady's wife on the field!  There is no rule against female players in the NFL, but they still must pass minimal eligibility requirements.
She's a supermodel that makes more than him so, don't hold your breath.  My alma mater beat poor Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  That's really running it up.  Kind of shameful...
Almost as shameful as having to return from a brutal game loss into a pink visitors locker room like in Iowa...
Yeah.  Many think it's shameful that kids no longer read from the Bible in elementary school like they did before 1963.
Half the kids can't read these days anyway... even if it is from sacred texts.
Sadly, that's true.  Thanks for the chat!
Hello, do you like football?
I do like football.  It is a classic struggle to put the ball in the goal.
Do you like Tom Brady? I heard he takes football really seriously, 
Tom Brady is a interesting personality.  6 super bowl wins in eight tries.  40 years old.  an efficient quarterback.
He sure is, I wonder how much more time he has left in the game 40 years old is an old age for a player
It is a good question.  Perhaps the documentary series "Tom vs Time" will shed some light on Toms remaining time. 
I havent, but I think its a documentary worth watching, many interesting facts about Brady 
Yes, many interesting things.  Do you think people come together and worship sports or are they simply fans.  Belichick cant really be a religion can he?
Well I guess it makes sense, fans do worship sports and even Deepak Chopra had a comment supporting this.
Interesting idea, sports as religion.  The NFL and each team is in it to make money though.  When Running Back Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled a football in  his career, I wonder if that made him a saint?
That definitely sets him apart from other players, maybe a saint or something higher I loved to watch him play
So when ESPN superimposes a yellow line on the field to show the first down line, is that worth an emmy or a minor miracle ?
It was a great contribution to the game so I guess so, if we translate it to religion it makes sense, the 222-0 can translate into a slayer, a sacrifice to the Gods
But, it seems so random.  Why was Georgia Tech worth while on that day and Cumberland worth nothing.  It would be like worshiping dice. Ohh... back to Tom Brady and past performance is indicative of future result.
Do you think he will be around the NFL a while more? he is one of the most dedicated players
I have come to believe that Tom will be around.  It is drive, dedication and commitment. 
I agree, 40 years old is a bit old for the game but he was great on the last Super bowl, so yeah, I think we have Brady for a while
Maybe Tom is in it for the money.  He seems to be transitioning into a self help nutritional guru.  If there is more cash in that then no more football?
Thats a valid theory although he already makes a lot of money, I think its great how he has such a positive perception of sports and how they can help us become better persons overall, i agree with him, sports bring the best version of yourself
I like the technology involved.  The NFL may make advances in closed head injuries.  There are tracking chips in the players shoulder pads.  
Yeah footballs also have tracking chips, a lot of interesting data is taken out of them. 
How familiar are you with football?
Hi there, yes I know some stuff about it.. Do you have a favorite player?
I follow teams more like the patriots
Nice. So are you a fan of Tom Brady?
Him among some others like green ellis
Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career
Indeed 
Do you know what the highest score in a game has been so far?
Probably over 150?
Yeah it was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Man how good was GT and bad was cumberland
Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes and green ellis
They won it for the superimposed yellow line, which has been awesome for us as watchers
It must be because it is so hard to digest all the action that goes on in the dozen or so minutes of live action
Yeah, it is strange to think it is that short. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
There is no written rule against it right?
Yeah there is not. Then again maybe becoming an engineer is a better idea to make a living
I mean there is significantly less chance of force retirement due to injuries
True. On another topic, do you know much about the Bib;le?
Not much since I currently haven't decided on a religion. In any case, thanks for chatting
I see. Same here. Have a good one.
Hi, how are you? 
Hello, I am great! Are you an NFL fan?
The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. I don't know much about the game.
Do you have a favorite team? There are 32 of them to choose from!
It is sinful to have a favorite. To show favor would go against the way. Do you have a favorite?
I favor the Vikings, but I like college football too. My favorite team if the Iowa Hawkeyes. Did you know they painted their visitor locker room pink?!
Maybe they are encouraging awareness of breast cancer.
That is not at all why, but a valid point. It is psychological for calming down the other team.
I guess everybody is calmed by pink, but it should remind them of the tragedy of cancer that strikes so many footballers.
i never knew that many male players were affected. Good awareness.
Breasts are delicate things, and the pounding of the game is carcinogous. I figure that there should be a way to engineer a better breast protector. 
that is why engineers make more money overtime than nfl players
The engineers have not come up with a breast cancer preventor breast plate. They need to get going on that. The players need it. Iowa demands it.
for sure! engineers have created chips to put in shoulder players for data purposes, so its a start.
If they can detect breast cancer, it is a good start. Chips are clever, maybe clever enough to spread pink awareness.
have you been affected by breast cancer? you sound like a good advocate
I thank god that I haven't been. I wore the breast protectors while I played and have not suffered like so many others.
I am happy to hear that. Speaking of women, did you know they could play in the NFL if they were good enough?
I think that would incur a tremendous risk of breast cancer on their part. They should take care to avoid that risk. Carcinogens abound in pro football.
I agree as well. Do you watch ESPN?
They are the ones that came up with the pink line to raise awareness about breast cancer, right?
yellow line on TV, but pink during October I believe, good chatting with you!
Hey there! Do you like football?
I'm not much into sports in general, however, I did watch quite a bit when I was younger. Do you like football?
Not so much, but I know some interesting facts about football and the NFL! For example, I just learned a little while ago that U of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink!
That's surprising to me! I wonder if it has to do with school colors? Or, do you think it was previously the women's locker room?
I think it probably was meant to be a joke, since pink is typically thought to be a "feminine" color. However, I kind of like the idea of football and pink! Breaking down gender norms!
Agreed! I was fascinated to learn that the NFL actually allows female players, if they meet the league's eligibility. Wonder if any have tried out?

I have no idea. I'm guessing not- probably just because of stigma, unfortunately. But props to the NFL! I definitely think we need to see more ladies playing football!
Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.
I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?
I had no idea! That's quite interesting. I wonder why...any ideas?
The only thing I can come up with is that bowling was more popular because it had been around longer? 
Probably. I think a lot of things were more popular back then. Diners, roller skating, church, the bible...things like that.
Good point. Funny that you mentioned the bible, as I recently learned that Jefferson used a razor to cut out supernatural parts of the bible.  
So weird! I mean, I guess things were just different back then. I guess before 1963, every student was required to read the bible when they were an elementary student.
Wow, that just would cause such an uproar today. Funny how what society approves of changes in such a relatively short timeframe. 
I guess not everyone was super religious, though. Apparently Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams didn't use the bible at their swearing-in ceremonies.
Very interesting. Did you also know that the tower of babel is probably based on a real building in Iraq?
Hmm, did not know that! But it makes sense. Even though times are changing, I guess the bible is still the best-selling book of all time.
Yeah, but I bet Tom Brady hopes his book will surpass that!
And I hope for his sake, that it might! This conversation was enlightening. Enjoy your night!
Thanks you too!

Maybe I'll start watching the NFL more often now!
Me too.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
NFL? The National Football League? I don't know much about it. You?
Yeah I watch it quite a bit. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
I heard about that. I wonder if it effective at all. Other teams would probably do the same if it worked. 
Yeah exactly that is a good point. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of active game play?
That is so little! I guess they is a lot of setting up and moving the chains and stuff.
Yeah exactly it. Do you know what the highest score in college football game is?
I imagine it could get quite high. Probably from long ago.
Yeah it was 222-0 when Georiga Tech beat Cumberland
That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.
Yeah they have and they won it for the superimposed yellow line
For a line on the screen? That seems a bit too simple to deserve an award. 
Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?
yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career
Wow. Impressive. Never? I guess every defense must have been coming after him. I hope he got a raise or a bonus or something.
I hope so too honestly. There seems to be no rule that prevents women from playing in the NFL
The rule might not be there, but I think the bar is still very high physically. Anyway, thanks for the chat!
Same here, have a great one. 
Hi. Do you like football?
I have a passing knowledge
Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!
Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad
Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?
Ya. That sure is a lot of action in so little time
There are no rules against women in the NFL, I wonder if we will see that anytime soon?
Perhaps the reason why we don't see them now is because the requirements inherently disqualify most?
You're probably right. Some of the league still has sexist rules about cheerleaders, though, not allowing them to eat in the same restaurant as the players!
I wonder why. I seems unfairly biased
Yeah, it's a strange rule. Did you watch the playoffs and Super Bowl this year?
The opening was a bit disappointing compared to years prior
Yeah. The playoffs were nerve wrecking to me due to fumbles and such. Did you know there is a player who never fumbled the ball his whole career?
Then you must like green ellis
Yeah. Talk about pressure not to mess up your record, though! Speaking of records, I can't believe the Patriots have won 6 out of 8 Super Bowls! That's pretty amazing
That is why they are like the lanisters of football
Between Brady and their coach who has won the most playoff games ever, no other team has a shot.
That is not to mention that the team is full of talent like previously green ellis
Very true. Brady has developed a method called the TB12 method that teaches people "how to live like Tom". It's been nice chatting with you. Have a great weekend!
I agree. The same to you as well.
Thank you!
Hi, how are you tonight? Do you read the Bible? Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for US students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
I actually do read it and know that. I'm guessing that tradition ended around the time people protested about prayer in schools
That would make sense. Separation of church and state. Speaking of which, Presidents Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution. 
Interesting. Yet the recent ones have all sworn on the Bible
Yes, I think the tradition is important in today's political climate. In colonial times it was different. Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible, cutting out the 'supernatural' parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection. He wanted to see religion in humanist terms.
Which probably did more damage in the end to himself. It would be awesome to see the Etemenanki building in person, since many think it's the referenced Tower of Babel
That would make sense. I could see places in the Bible having connection to places in the Middle East.
It does make sense. It's strange how the root for apple and evil come from the same word in Latin. That's probably why people assume that Eve ate an apple
True. Easy to get confused. On a different topic, do you follow the NFL?
I don't follow it too closely, but I heard Tom Brady released a book that has been dubbed the "athlete's bible"
That's interesting. A bible for athletes. I don't know much about the book or Brady.
I just know of him due to the Patriots and their constant winning. Do you follow any of the 32 teams in the NFL?
I usually follow around the playoffs, if at all. I don't have much time to watch. Do you have a chance?
We're in the same boat with the playoffs aspect. I can't keep up on 16 games in the regular season, but I can do a few games and the Super Bowl
The playoffs seem to have more energy. I figure it's the time to pay attention. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. I wonder what the total for the season is.
Considering that 32 teams play for 16 weeks not counting the single elimination playoff games including the wildcards...that's math I don't want to do
NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads to record a player's moves on the field. They are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location. I wonder how much data that generates per season.
If they're smart enough to create the chips, there must be systems in place to keep track of it all. Hopefully the engineers who came up with that are the ones making more than NFL players in their comparable lifetimes
I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.
True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility
I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!
That would be an interesting game!
Who is one of your favorite quarterbacks? Mine is Peyton Manning but I will have to say Tom Brady is a close second. He is amazing!
have respect for both those guys they are great Qbs but Im a steeler fan so I guess my favorite is ben right now.
Did you hear that tom brady wrote a book. I heard it is like the "athlete's bible" if there is such a thing.
I did hear that. I think it was just a publicity stunt. A way to make more money.
I think he is trying to start something before he retires that he can continue...not like he needs the money.
I guess maybe thats the case. I just dont see an athletes bible being something substantial. Just a jocks view.
i agree. I mean the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Not as much as everyone thought.
Yeah there is a lot of waiting around the tv for the next play. Those 11 minutes are pretty exciting though.
I agree!! Did you know that the nfl uses tracking chips to record speed, rotation of the ball and so many other things. 
Yeah they even put them in the players shoulder pads. technology is everywhere I guess.
Kind of scary!  Just like being a new orleans saints cheerleader. If they are in a restaurant and a nfl player comes in they have to leave. That is not right!
No its not. I dont see why that rule should be in place . I can see a rule about them not dating or something like that but not allowed to be in the same place at the same time. I dont get it.
I don't either and I think it is over the top. Even the nfl has no written rule against female players as long as they met the eligibility requirements.
I have heard that. What position would a woman want to play though? Only the top .001 percent of men are gifted enough to play in the nfl so when a woman comes along who wants to play too, she's going to be really fit and ready
It would be hard!! Look a woman would probably be better off being an engineer. Their average lifetime earnings are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and mlb player!
Thats pretty surprising to hear. I know their are a lot of players that dont make it that bring that average down. I just figured the top earners making 20 plus million a year would put the nfl players over the top in that category.
You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!
I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top though.
I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.
He must have done a lot of upper body strength training to be strong enough to never fumble. Either that or he prayed hard every night.
I agree!!  Hope you have a great night!
Hello, how are you doing?
I am well. I hope you are also!  Hey, do know anything about Tom Brady's new book, The TB12 Method?
Tom Brady? Is he an author?
Of sorts... He is best known as the long-time QB of the New England Patriots football team.  But he is often regarded as one of the greatest QBs the game has ever had. He is still going strong at 40 yrs old, and he has written a book explaining his approach to stay at the top of his game.
It sounds like an important book. Have you read it? I would like to hear more.
I have not read it yet, but I am very much interested i getting a copy.  I am not one of those New England Patriot fans that deify Brady and his coach, Belichick, or consider the Patriots my religion, but I do admire anyone that has performed at the top of their sport for so many years. 6 NFL Championships is incredible.
That is incredible. He is practically a deity. I guess he has earned his status in the heavens. The book is a holy tract.
I understand what idolatry is, and I do not approach that level of religious zeal.  I merely thing the phrase, "In Bill we trust" which is a mantra or creed spoken often in Boston is an earned sentiment.
That is good. It is important to remain humble and true. There is only one Bill and Tom, but there is a higher authority.
My wife... LOL  Thomas Jefferson may have created his own version of the Bible; but my wife would consider herself editor.
The bible did not need editing. I don't know what he was thinking. He must have spent too much time with the women he owned.
Nice. I agree on the lack of need for editing the bible. I was also jesting regarding my wife.  I find it sad that Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams chose to not use the bible at their inaugurations. 
I think that Ted and John had another agenda, one not parallel to the one set in the Bible. 
What is your thinking on the Apocrypha? Do you find any value to these works as complementary to the canonical bible?
The word is broad and varied and it is good to look in places that others have shunned. We do not know the complete Truth because it is hidden. 
We see through a glass dimly... But I find it interesting every time archeologists find another site consistent with biblical texts. In fact, they think the tower of babel was based on a real building located in what is modern day Iraq. Interesting.
I think that is an interesting connection that help people recognize the value of the texts.
Yes, and likewise, the documented historic performance of Tom Brady in his long, record-setting career in the NFL helps people to recognize the value of his writings.
I think that his fame and notoriety can only help spread what must be a valuable insight in the human condition.
And it helps to sell books. Although Brady does not seemed strapped for cash... The average NFL player does not earn as much in a career as an average engineer, but Brady is an exception
Brady is an exception that the engineers envy. Thank you for the chat. Good night.
Good night and may the ball always roll your way!
Are you a Tom Brady fan, he plays for the patriots?
I cant say that I am, but I respect his talent.  
Yeah apparently his work ethic is off the charts. He does however claim that football has become his religion. 
I heard about the TB12, and the In Bill We Trust that a lot of fans follow.
I know what happen to just plain old talent and sportsmanship. One quote said that Brady was kind of a Messiah figure. If it's not blasphemy, it's too close to it!
I know!  People idolize him.  I dont hear too much negative about him, he seems to toe the line in terms of his behavior.  But he is no Messiah.
Right! Hey did you know that top bowlers in the 60's made more than top nfl players?
That is crazy.  I wonder how much that was at that time.  Now they are sure overpaid.
Personally i think most sports players are over paid. That money could be taxed to pay for healthcare. 
I agree.  Especially for only 11 minutes of live game play each week]
I know that's crazy to think about. I didn't know that espn won an Emmy award.
Neither did I, and all for that yellow line.  I thought it would take a little more than that to win an Emmy, but Im not the judge.
I know but i have to say that line made life a little easier. A former patriots RB never fumbled the ball in his entire career. 
He is probably responsible for the huge successes that the Patriots have had recently.
Maybe in some way. Did you know there was a college game were the score was 220-0?
I had heard that, Georgia Tech and Cumberland.  
Wow that's crazy i can not imagine even sitting through that game let alone playing in it. You know there no rule that says women can't play in the nfl?
Yeah, they say as long as they can meet the eligibility requirements they are allowed to.  Whatever those are.  I dont think Id want to play in the NFL, I dont want to be crushed by a lineman.
Right if they do it i think they should create a league like the WNBA.
That would be interesting to watch.  I hope if a female did make it to the NFL they would treat her better than the cheerleaders.
I think they should have all male cheerleaders for the WNFL! what do you think?
I like it!  There are a few for the NFL now, but an all male squad would be great!  It has been nice chatting but I must go.  Have a good day!
Hi, do you know anything about the New England Patriots and Tom Brady?
I know that Tom Brady has a best selling book called "The TB12 Method", have you heard of it or read it?
No, but I heard it is an inspiration to us all. Did you know that Brady's coach, Beneke worries about the devotion to the Patriots might overshadow other kinds of faith in some people?
What? because there are so many fans of the Patriots?
No, because on Sundays in New England people are devoted to watching the Patriots and talking about the team even in church.
Oh! Wow, even when there's only eleven minutes of live gameplay, there's so much chatter nonstop around the game! I also devote an entire Sunday to watching the games! Do you watch the games
No, not on TV but I heard that some Patriots try to keep their focus on faith in God rather than on the team on Sundays. 
That's good! I wonder if those people wished that reading the bible was part of the education curriculum like prior to 1960s
That could be.  The Patriots do have a number of spiritual players like Matthew Slater who's known for his off-field evangelism. Slater and other Patriots will be featured in Football Sunday, a national church-based event on Super Bowl Sunday.
Oh I didn't know that. I wonder if there will be as many people tuned in compared to how many copies there has been sold of the bible, a whopping 5 billion copies!
Probably not that many since the 5 billion copy estimate has to do with from the beginning of it's printing, ha, ha. Besides that, another Patriots fan and the pastor of Richmond Community Church in Glen Allen, Va. say that there are faith lessons in Brady's examples he uses in his book.
Oh ok, yeah five billion copies is a LOT! Do you know what type of faith lessons there are?
Well, according to McDaniel, Brady's commitment to his craft allowed him to overcome the odds. Brady's career began as a sixth-round draft pick and now is arguably the best at his craft.
His story is really worth a read, I wonder if they depict that in the documentary "Tom vs. Time", have you seen it?
No,I haven't seen it yet but that will probably be the main focus I would think.  Brady coming up from the bottom to the top. Actually, he's shown the ability to rebound from adversity quite nicely.
Yeah my friend has seen it and he told me it changed his perspective on the guy. He's actually a very hard-working nice guy and really puts in a lot of hard work to the game, the team, and his fans. I wonder if they will get an Emmy like what ESPN won for the yellow line used in football games.
That might happen or even better things.  Remember last year when the Patriots were down 28 to 3 in the Super Bowl and then they came back to win the game in overtime. That was spectacular.
Oh my, that was such a great game! I was sitting on the edge of my seat the entire time, I wonder if that's why I was so disappointed in this year's game. I think people who placed bets on the game would've preferred the boring game though.
Yes, that's probably true, save the blood pressure and all that. But really, Brady is a great example of what you can do if you're really committed. It seems that Brady is totally committed to his TB12 Method and he is really sincere.
Yeah, that's the message I'm getting as well. Do you know what the 12 stands for in the TB12?
It would think it means 12 methods like the title shows because he's talking about a number of areas. In addition to spiritual beliefs, he's talking about good nutrition, fitness, and list of other attributes to maintain his lifestyle.
Hello!  Are you a fan of Tom Brady?
I wouldn't call myself a fan, but I respect him as one of the greats. He's in such great health to be in the league as long as he has been.
I agree.  I didn't like him until I watched his documentary Tom vs Time.  I became a big fan after watching that.  It shows how much work he puts into his craft.
I've heard of the documentary but have never watched it. I liked watching the Patriots when Benjarvus Green-Ellis played for him. He was a solid running back and actually has never fumbled the football in his NFL career!
That's incredible!  Did you know they put tracking chips in the footballs to track the data such as velocity, etc. on them?
I did not know that. That's probably why players get fined so much for throwing them into that stands. I heard that they also have tracking chips embedded in the players shoulder pads to record they're every move.
Crazy how the game has come along technology wise.  I wish the actual gameplay was longer though.  There's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in  an average NFL game.
I know, that seems so short. It's 2 hours and 49 minutes of crap. They should get some women to play, they could make gameplay last longer. I mean there's no rules against them playing.
I agree!  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average NFL and MBL players.  That's surprising.
It is pretty surprising, but I guess you have to consider that most engineers work well into their 60s or even 70s. The average football player only plays for 3 years. 
True.  I wonder if other people outside of the U.S. get confused when they hear football since that's the word they use to call soccer.
I think a lot do. It just feels weird having to specify. Although Gridiron Football has a nice ring to it.
Yes it does.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of that era.  Things have changed since then.
Yeah they have. That's weird to think. Did you know that Iowa's visiting locker room is completely painted pink. I wonder how many times that has backfired on them?
LOL.  Maybe they did it to support breast cancer awareness?  
That would be a good excuse. I heard that ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line, that was an Emmy well won.
Interesting!  The highest score ever in a football games was in 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
That's crazy, I wonder if that's when Georgia Tech learned the triple option and it's effectiveness. 
Not sure!  How many teams are there in the NFL?
I believe it's 32,
Thanks!  I wasn't sure.  Nice chatting with you today!
It was nice chatting with you too. Have a great day!
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Yes I do. I enjoyed the superbowl, and watching Brady and company winn their sixth NFL champioship
Yes me too, I like that. Did you know Brady has written a book now as well?
Is that the TB12 Method?
Yes and that is also his lifestyle brand And there seems to be a documentary in the works, Tom vs Time
Oh, yeah, is that the Facebook series?
Yes that one. Do you know what his favorite ice cream flavour is, as a fun fact?
I don't. Some kind of vegan something I imagine?
I am not sure about it being vegan but the flavor is avocado, still pretty healthy
Nice. I understand that he is on a spiritual quest of some sort, as he dedicates himself to his craft.
Yes it seems that way. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yeah, I guess there is no rule against them, but they still have to meet eligibility requirements.
You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?
I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?
Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such
Seems like a lot of expense for a game where the average playtime is only 11 minutes per game.
Yeah it sure does. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I do, although I have more knowledge of the New Testament, less of the Old, and even less of the Apocrypha. You?
Oh I see. I do not know much but just some facts. I know that it is one of the most influential books in history and sold 5 billion copies so far
It used to be common for school children to read from the bible. These days, lawsuits have curbed that.
Yes that is true. It seems Jefferson created his own version of the Bible.
good morning.
Good morning! are you a football fan?
Yeah I am. How bout you. I read somewhere that the nfl has no rule agains female players. What do you think about that.
Well some colleges have female kickers already, so that seems reasonable. I have to admit that I really only watch the Superbowl. My husband and son aren't really interested, so its just not on in our house.
I watch every sunday. Im a steelers fan. My wife roots for the Patriots just to pick on me. Lol. I think a female could probably be a kicker or a punter in the nfl. Im not sure about any other positions.
My husband liked the Steelers in college. The Patriots, though...no. There's a new documentary about Tom Brady and how he combines football and religion. 
I just dont ee how the two mix to be honest. Except they both take place on sunday.
lol. (I actually laughed out loud, by the way!) I've heard that after he retires from football he may be planning some kind of ministry that is combined with nutrition and exercise. A columnist at the Boston Globe called it a cult!
I can see the importaance of staying physically fit. I just dont think it should be mixed with religion. I think he is just trying to make some extra money off his popularity.
That seems likely. We often think of NFL players as making lots of $$$, but their careers are very short. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are actually much higher than that of an NFL or MLB player.
Yeah but thoe number are just of the average player. Most players dont play very long and dont make a whole lot of money in football when you think about a lifetime. They only a play a year and make like half a milion dollars. An engineer has to work his whole life for that. I think you would be better off to play football and then finish school to be an engineer.
Given the high rates of TCE, I'll take the lifetime as an engineer any day. It's weird how much trauma there is in such a short time on the field. Did you know that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual game play?
I did hear that. Thos 11 minutes are exciting though.
Yeah. Also, an engineer would make half a million dollars in 5-8 years, so that's not too shabby. Especially when you consider that the football player and the engineer both had to go to college anyway before they got their respective jobs.
That is true, but if you become one of the greats in football. You will be rememberd forever. Not to many engineers can say that.
Well, some people in your own country might remember you forever, I guess. Gridiron football is mostly played in the US. I remember when my parents lived in England for a few years and they were really surprised to learn that much of the rest of the world doesn't watch it.
Yeah the rest of the world takes soccer very seriously. They actually call it football. I
That's true. Some places like Australia use the word "football" for rugby.
I dont know much about rugby. I know the ball the use is similiar to the american football.
Yeah, me neither. My kid's school has a team, but I've never seen them play.
Maybe after that you could take me out to dinner and you can tell me all about the life of a nobleman.
Um, wow, that's...random! Nice talking to you!
Accident. sorry about that. Trying to do two things at once. Lol. have a good one.
Do you have knowledge of how Tom Brady eats, exercises and rests?
I do not. I would imagine that he has a pretty intense regimen. 
There was a TV special that claims that football is his religion and so he lives every day to be able to continue to play a long time.  He is now 40.
I expect that he will retire in the next few years then. I heard that he wrote a book called The TB12 Method. Have you heard of it?
Yes.  I have.  Of course his wife is into the healthy eating lifestyle too.  Deepak Chopra did the TV series.  I don't know enough about him to feel positive or negative, but I lean negative.
I do too. Mostly because of the cheating. Are you a football fan?
I really follow college football,  I went to Oklahoma and follow that team.  I love the yellow line that ESPN invented to show the line to gain for a first down.
I heard they won an Emmy for that. Can you imagine watching a game without that line?
Not anymore.  Globally, a lot of different games are considered to be football.
That is true. I'm referring to American football in this case. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?
Well, my JV team was beaten by another varsity team by 74-0, and Oklahoma beat Texas A & M 77-0 once.  
Wow! Those are extremely high scoring games. The highest ever was in 1916 and it was 222-0! How is that even possible?
I cannot imagine.  In the two games I mentioned, they did not stop the clock in the second half to shorten the game.  Have you heard that the Iowa visitor's dressing room is painted pink.
I did not. Is that supposed to be some kind of psychological game?
There have been studies that prove that weight lifters cannot lift as much in a pink room.  So it is another move to win games.
Wow! I have never heard of that. Very interesting. Do you remember the Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
I don't.  Was he distinctive?
Yes he never fumbled a football his entire career!
That is a distinction!  There are 32 teams in the NFL so it is amazing to have that distinction.
I agree. Did you also know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?
The NFL has done a great job of marketing to increase their incomes.  There are 54 players on each team and 32 teams, so now over 1500 people probably make more than the top bowlers. Nice chat.
Are you into Tom Brady?
Can't say that I am, I know of him and what he does, but that is about it.
He has a book out called "Athlete's Bible".  Many are making comments about it being spiritually involved.
It seems difficult to equate spirituality with football.  They seem opposite to me.
It's mainly the fans that see Brady as a messiah and coach Belichick as some kind of deity.  The say "in Bill we trust".
I know some people take it too far.  When you have fans it's amazing what you can sell to them.  If Mr Brady sold avocado ice cream with his face on the front they'd think it was the best flavor ever.
That doesn't sound good.  Bob Ryan, a former columnist, said that it was "cult-like". 
Some celebrities believe that just because they are good at one thing, in this case football, it makes they experts on everything, and they want to tell us how to behave.
I agree, that is annoying. I mainly like college football.  My alma mater ran up the score on Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  Not terribly proud of that...
If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing.  Maybe they could have turned to the bible.
Maybe.  At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa.  In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.
I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.
Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?
They probably think they don't need it.  Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.
I agree.  It's not that big of a deal.  Here's another interesting football fact, there are only 11 actual minutes of gameplay in an average NFL game.
I never really enjoyed watching football.  I think that might be the main reason, I don't have time to sit in front of the TV for three hours for just 11 minutes of play.
I like documentaries.  I would like to see one about finding the Tower of Babel in Iraq.
My mental image of that is a very tall building, if it existed it was probably a lot smaller than I'm thinking.
It's probably a bunch of rubble due to recent bombings.  It's interesting that Thomas Jefferson cut out the parts in his Bibel that referred to the "supernatural" (e.g., miracles). 
I've heard that before.  I'd love to see a copy, must just have looked like a shredded book.  Funny thing to do.
Yeah, I'd like to hear more about his reasoning.  Thanks for the chat.  You were excellent. 
Hard to believe that the Patriots just won the Super Bowl again. I wonder how Tom Brady is still so good given his age.
Good morning, I love Tom Brady, he's like the energizer bunny, he just keeps going and going and going...Lol  Didn't realize he was so spiritual, did you?
I thought football was his religion. At least that's what his friend Gotham Chopra says.
Well, he said in a version of the spiritual episeode, that he does want to know why we're here, where we're going, trying to find that deeper purpose.  That's pretty spiritual to me.
I guess you're right. Have you read Tom's book "The TB12 Method"?
No, have you?
Yeah I have. It's very interesting stuff. Not sure how he can enjoy avocado ice cream though. I find it kind of gross.
OOh, that sounds so gross! Do you watch much football?
I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.
I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.
How true.  I read somewhere that the top bowlers in the 1960s made twice as much as the top football stars.
That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.
Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.
That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?
I try to read a little every night before bed.  A habit my grandma taught me when I was a kid.  Do you?
I read it occasionally. In the 60's it was pretty common for students to be required to read it. How things change.
Yes, I think if we went back to that practice, alot of things would def be different in America.
Maybe you're right. Did you know that Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible?
Yeah, I heard he took a razor and cut out the parts he considered "supernatural".
That's quite an interesting change to make. It was a pleasure talking to you. Have a great day!
Do you enjoy sports?
I don't know much about the sports. Do you like the sports?
I have a passing knowledge of football
I know that passing is used a lot in football. In this you are an expert?
I wouldn't say expert but I have a basic understanding
Ok. That is good. I think that many peoples in the US like the football. It is a popular game.
It is surprising how much people invest into it considering each game is only a dozen or so minutes of real action.
They like the action and the violence. It is exciting to see men in combat to the death. The outcomes are wagered as well I think.
True. It is probably due to injuries that force early retirement that based on average lifetime earnings, engineers get better paid than players.
Engineers must be very smart, maybe some of the most smart people. They earn the money for being smart. I think it is better for life.
At least football players are better paid than bowlers like in the mid 1900s
Bowlers do not have the same job risks. I think they should be paid less.
They are now
That is good. Is the bible an important part of the football game?
Are you referring to the actual bible or the book released by brady?
I mean the one that everyone has in their bedroom.
Well I think that it may be since the mental fortitude that comes from religion can be an important factor of a players performance
I understand. In all life, the strength of the inside helps with the outside.
Indeed. Even if you are physically read, if you aren't mentally, that can make all the difference
That is true. The preparation for the football must start inside, then make its way to the outside for the world. Thank you for the chatting. It is a good night.
Same to you.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
yes I do, what do you think of Tom Brady?
I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus
I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.

Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.
That is impressive do you know how many games he played in?
I am not sure but over his entire career, that must have been quite a few games there. 
That is impressive, did you know that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live play time?
Yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to watch a single game
That is the amazing part, interesting that they complain about how little action there is in baseball.
Yeah exactly. Did you hear about them placing tracking ships in the players now?
I was reading about that, I wonder if they do that during the game or only practice.
I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those
We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away
Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?
I have read about a couple but overall I just don't think it's a good idea.
I would be curious to see that happen. I guess time will tell. Did you know about that weird rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
No, I hadn't heard about that, please tell me.
Well they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
No kidding. I guess may be they don't want them to get too close or something.
Maybe but still, the worst is that they have to leave the restaurant mid meal if the players walk in
It seems like that's carrying it a little too far. 
It is not fair at all.  I hope they get rid of it soon. 
Hello!  Are you a fan of Tom Brady?
Hi! I actually am a huge fan! In fact,  I want to follow the TB12 Method also known as the "athlete's bible" so I can be in top shape like he is! What about you?
I've heard of it but haven't looked into it.  I became a fan of his after watching his "Tom vs. Time" documentary.  Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it yet, unfortunately, but I do know a little bit about it. I'm fact, I love what Brady says in the first episode: "If you're going to compete against me, you better be willing to give up your life..m because I'm giving up mine." That is powerful!
You'll have to watch it.  Total respect for him seeing how much work he puts into his work during the offseason.  I think you can watch it on Facebook Watch.
I'll definitely do that. It'll help get me by during the NFL off-seasons. I can't believe the regular season is only 17 weeks from September to December. It truly flies by! 
Yes it does!  They should lengthen the season by a month and then the 32 teams can get more off weeks during the season.
Agreed. I mean, surprisingly enough, the games are too short as it is seeing as how the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
I know that's crazy.  Do you know what the highest football score ever is?
It was a game between Georgia Tech and Cumberland back in 1916. Georgia Tech actually won 222-0. Can you imagine seeing that? Wow!
That must have been a score on every play for Georgia Tech!  lol  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.  Times have changed since then.
So true. But even today, engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players! Wonder if they made more than pro bowlers back then?
LOL Good question.  RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball once during his career.  That's impressive.
Really? That takes serious talent and skill! Wonder how he would play if he had to sit in the University of Iowa's pink painted visiting football team's locker room? That has to feel insulting. Ha!
LOL  Maybe they did it to support breast cancer awareness?
Let's hope so! Ha! On a similar note, women actually aren't forbidden from playing in the NFL as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. Wonder why we haven't seen any female players signed by any teams yet?
I don't know.  I'm sure we'll see on here in the next few years.  Did you know they use tracking chips inside the footballs to track velocity, rotation, etc.?  That seems like a bit too much science to me.
Ha! Agreed. They also place chips in the shoulder pads as well to record the every move of each player as well! It is high tec, right?
Crazy!  Did you watch the super bowl?  It is usually held on the first Sunday in February.
I missed it sadly. I was reading the Bible that day. Speaking of the Bible, can you believe it's considered the best selling and most influential books of all time and over 5 billion copies have been sold?
I believe it!  I read it a few times a week!  It was nice chatting with you today!
Hello, do you like avocado ice cream? Evidently, it's one of the weird things Tom Brady likes.
Er... dunno, never really tried it.  I'd be willing to give it a spoonful even though it doesn't sound too appealing.  LOL.  Yeah, Tom Brady's an interesting character.  I was reading somewhere he consider football to be his religion.  I knew some guy in Texas that were like that!    
Weird. Maybe he should get a copy of Thomas Jefferson's bible, and give it a read.
Maybe, although I dunno if there's anything about football in TJ's bible.. hehe.  "Thou shall not fumble!"
Surely someone checked those trackers in his footballs for the proper inflation..
Yeah, I heard about that.. they also keep track of where they're going and how fast and stufff.  I guess they need all that to compile accurate play stats. Plus they put them in players' shoulder pads to track their movements as well.
Do they have them on the cheerleaders as well? So they know which restaurant they are in?
That I couldn't tell ya.  I'd hope not, as that would be a bit creepy, IMHO.  
How else are they going to know that a cheerleader is at a restaurant, one of the players are at?
No idea.  Hey did you know the visitors locker room at U of Iowa is painted PINK?  I think that's their way of trying to 'Psyche out" the other team... 
That may have worked decades ago. These days, I don't think the players care. They probably find it soothing. Maybe Cumberland would have benefited from a soothing, pink locker room when they lost 222-0.
Dunno... they did an experiment where they found that weight lifters couldn't life as much when placed in a pink room.  But, that was like twenty years ago, so maybe the effect has worn off on people's minds.   Wow, that's quite a loss!  Makes you wonder if they were even trying!
With scores like that, I can see why bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. 
Do you think a woman could be a football player?  There's actually NO rules in the NFL against it, so long as they meet the physical requirements...
Why not? Many highschools have female kickers. As long as the eligibility requirements are met, they should have a chance.
Dunno, if my daughter were playing football, I'd constantly worry about her getting tackled!  But yeah, I see what you're saying there.  
There are co-ed teams in my county. The girls are way tougher on the field than the boys are. I wouldn't want mine to be a cheerleader, especially not for the Saints.
Oh, really?  Which country is that, if you dont mind me asking?  
County. I live in the US.
County!  Sorry, misread that!  LOL.  Here's something interesting, for as long as they games last, there's only actually about 11 minutes of actual gameplay.  That means they spend a lot of time just getting into position and stuff... weird, huh?

not as weird as espn winning an emmy for superimposing a yellow line.
Oh, yeah, think I read about that somewhere.  I remember back when all they had were the white "chalk" lines and Joe Montana doing commentary...  "And then he runs to here, passes the ball, here!"  hehe
That sounds bizarre. Is that where the term "gridiron" football comes from?
That I could not tell you.  I'd have to Google it!  Although it does make it sound tough, doesn't it?  The GRIDIRON!!  
I honestly could care less, as I would take an engineer over a baller anyday. They make more money, lol
Yeah, but does that include all the money you get from sweet endorsement deals?  :) 
Thank you for chatting with me, have a wonderful night.
Hey, you too!  Have a good one!
thanks. 
Stay safe!  Weather's been kind of crazy in some areas!
It sure has. Thankfully, we aren't in TN where there is flooding. 
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
The NFL? The National Football League? Is that still a thing? 
Yeah the NFL. Do you know how many teams are there?
More than a dozen, I'm sure. I thought most of them went bankrupt during the Great Recession. Huh. I guess I was wrong. How many are there?
Well currently there are 32 teams. 
32 seems a bit excessive. Are they planning on eliminating a couple? Seems only fair. People ought to be doing things on a Sunday.
Well, we can watch if we want and if not we go do other things I guess. Do you know what the highest score is in football?
The highest possible score in football would be infinity, I guess. How high does the scoreboard go? Maybe that's the limit.
Well, the highest one recorded was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat the CUmberland
The scoreboard must have gone up to 999 then. That's a great score! Georgia Teck must have been proud of themselves. Did the other school just quit football out of despair? They should have.
No I do not think they did, maybe it was not their day that day. Do you ever watch ESPN?
Is that the Spanish football channel? No, I don't.
It is an american one and they won an award once for creating the superimposed yellow line
They got an award for discovering a yellow line? The line was discovered by the ancient Greakes. It might not have been yellow, but why does the color matter? 
Well it is more visible on the tv screen and does not blend with the background so you can follow the game better
Oh, so ESPN (not the Spanish one) got an award for the yellowness. I see. They discovered that yellow is easier to see on the TV. What else did ESPN discover? Oxygen?
Nope just the yellow line. Did you know women can play in the NFL if they choose to?
Women could many things if they chose to. I figure one day, a player is going to take off his helmet, and presto, it was a woman all along. 
Well maybe, and why not, maybe it even makes the game more interesting. Did you hear about that rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
The cheerleaders have rules? I thought they just cheered.
Well those one cannot eat in the same restaurant at the football players. Pretty sad rule. 
hey there how often do you read the bible, if at alll?
Hello, How are you, yes I do. How about you?
ya I'm good, how often do you read it? i'ts cool that jefferson actually made his own version of the bible
That's interesting, or that Teddy Roosevelt and John Adams did not use it at their swearing in ceremonies.
no that is weird, they're the only ones who didn't use it either, why do you think jefferson took out all the supernatural parts?
Have no idea, never knew that! What do you think?
ya I don't know maybe he wanted a more historical version of just verified facts or something, did you learn about the bible in elementary schoo?
Yes, I did and at home. Do you like football?
ya I like it, i really like tom brady have you read his new book The TB12 Method?
No, But have heard of it, have you? Any good? Didn't realize the average NFL live game play is only 11 minutes.
I haven't, it has good reviews though, and ya that is so short! crazy that a team scored 222-0 in that much time haha
That seems too long, but then again it was 1916.
Yeah I wish they had that on video, would you watch football games with women players?
I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.
Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!
lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!
yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders
I know, that is crazy. At least have some kind of plan before hand so they aren't in the same restaurant. Guess they think its too much togetherness. lol
Yeah, maybe it was cheerleaders that painted that one locker room pink as protest haha.
Yes, that could be! What a joke! Thinking those tracking chips help a lot! Good chat!!
ya I hope so! I should have used my bowling skills in the 60's to make 2x as much as football players back then
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
I do!  Are you a fan of Tom Brady?
Hi there, he is one of my favorite players. Do you know the former QB of Patriots, Benjarvus?
I remember him.  I don't think he ever fumbled during his career.
Yeah, what a talent. Do you know why U of Iowan painted their visitor locker room pink?
Maybe to support breast cancer awareness?
Maybe, I am not sure. Do you watch the ESPN much?
I do.  They once won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line that represented the first down line.
Yeah pretty cool to get an award for that. Do you know what the highest score in football history during a game is?
I'm not sure.  Who was it?
It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0
Holy smokes!  I bet that was a long game for Cumberland.  In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.
How times have changed. But even now, engineers still make more over their lifetime 
Probably because they have longer careers.  Did you know there are 32 teams in the NFL?
Yeah I think that would explain it. Yup all 32 of them and they play for 17 weeks. 
There is an average of only 11 minutes of actual gameplay during a game.  Crazy.
That is crazy, so short. Did you know women can play too?
I think there's no written rule that is against having female players.  Did you know that they use tracking chips inside of the footballs to collect data like velocity, rotation, etc. on them?
Yeah and I hope they can use those data somehow to make the game safer and reduce the number of concussions
Yes.  I agree.  Did you know the Bible is the highest selling book of all time with over 5 billion copies sold?
Wow that is a lot of books but I cannot say that I am surprised, a lot of people believe in it.
Do you think sports can bring people of different opinions and religion together?
I think it can be a source of a common ground
its interesting that some people see sports as religion. with all the similarities of rules and rituals etc
I can see that people would have to be as dedicated to their sport as a religion to be successful
i think there are some patriot fans that are more serious about Tom Brady than they are their Catholicism foot ball is no jooke! espn has even managed to win an emmy for their superimposed lines that changed football. 
I like the patriots they are like the lannisters of football
that is a funny comparison. the NFL sure has enough strict rules to be the lannisters. especially with their cheer leaders...the saints cheerleaders arent even allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
It seems like of backwards to still do it today
yeah it is. but i guess thats how it goes. they also chip the players on the field to track time. thats wild.
They also chip the football itself
i never even considered that. technology sure has changed sports. i wonder if other countries are into their sports like that too. 
I know that they are using cameras that can slow down images to get a more accurate judgement on sports
for the 11 minutes of actual game play in a foot ball game... hilarious
Well you have to admit there sure is a lot of action packed into those dozen or so minutes
yeah absolutely are you interested in presidents? teddy roosevelt was pretty gnarly.
how so?
well he survived an assassination attempt and was one of the only prezzys not to use a bible at the swear in ceremony. the ultimate separation of church and state. John Quincy adams didnt either.
I can see what you mean
do you particularly like any presidents? I like Abe lincoln a lot and controversially so, LBJ.
I like washington, jfk, and roosevelt 
idk about roosevelt but i know washington and jfk are considered among the wealthiest presidents. 
I like washington since he was the only person in history to unite both parities
it wasnt a two party system them. 
Exactly, now the two party system seems to argue over critical issues just for the sake of arguing
it was nice chatting. have a great night!
Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?
Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you? 
I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?
I actually did not know that. Tom Brady is my favorite player and we both graduated from the same school.
No way, that is awesome. Which school was that?
The University of Michigan! What is your favorite NFL team?
HECK YES! GO BLUE! I like the Vikings, how about you?
Go Blue baby!!! Have you ever been to Ann Arbor? And I'm a big fan of the Giants but they have been terrible lately
I have never, always wanted to catch a game there. Did you know that ESPN won an emmy?
I did not know that but not surprised - ESPN is really great. Would you say you're pretty religious? 
Not religious really at all, I live by Tom Brady's bible lol, how about you?
Haha not too much either. Have you ever been to an NFL game? 
I have never, it has been my dream to. I have been to college football games. My favorite college team is the Iowa Hawkeyes, did you know they painted the visitor team locker room pink?
Yeah I heard about that just to mess with your psyche before the game! Iowa is a great school too. Did you know NFL games only have about 11 minutes of gameplay? 
I did not know that! That is so small of a time being it takes like 3 hours on TV! Have you ever been to a game?
I have not but I definitely want to one day! Did you know that women can technically play in the NFL? 
That is interesting, I wonder if they know that! I wonder if they can play in any other leagues
Yeah that would be interesting... have you ever played football in school or anything? 
Played all sports, baseball in college
Wow that's really impressive. I played tennis and baseball too for many years.
Nice! I have to run, good chatting with you!
See ya have a good one! 
Hi there, are you a fan of the NFL?
NFL? The National Football League? 
Yes. DO you have a favorite team or player?
No, I don't have a favorite team or player. Perhaps the team that could win me the money. LOL
Hahaha, I personally like the Patriots and Brady. Did you know he is a book author as well now?
The Brady is an author? What book did he write? 
Yeah he wrote the book "Athletes' Bible" which he credits with helping him keep at the top of the game
Would this bible help people like me, the non athlete, the antiathlete?
I have no idea. I would like that too. Did you know women can play  in the NFL too?
I guess that would be cool. A team full of women. Pink and purple, roses and lace.
Might be interesting. Bowlers apparently made more than football players in the 60s
That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.
Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?
The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?
It was 222-0, that is why it went down in history 
I feel sorry for the team that won. They looked like the worst bullies.
Maybe Cumberland was just having a bad day. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Cumberland probably was having a bad year. ESPN won an award for that line, right? I think that was a bit silly.
Yeah but it sure made out lives easier with that line. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now in the field?
The players need to be watched carefully. I figure it could help prevent injury.
Yeah I hope that they can use the stats for that. Did you hear about that ridiculous rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
The cheerleaders get treated so badly. It's really not right. Well, I enjoyed the chat! Have a good day!
Yes I hope they get rid of that rule soon. Have a good one.
Good afternoon!  Are you a fan of Tom Brady?  It's amazing he is still going strong even into his 40s!
I think he's undeniably a great QB but I have a lot of problems with him. 
There are certainly some things I question.  What are your main issues?  Do you have any concerns with his TB12 Method?
Mainly the cheating. Especially when I feel like he never had to do that. Is the TB12 Method the book he wrote?
Yes.  I guess it is sort of considered a bible for athletes.  I guess to each their own, but there are some less than mainstream beliefs he has.
I have not read it but that's the vibe I was getting about it also. Like a self-help type book. 
I think some people think he pushes the spiritual a little too much. A noted Boston reporter name Bob Ryan thinks the book is "creepy" and equated it to being "cultlike."
Oh wow. Yeah that would not be for me. Are you a football fan?
I really am a big fan and it's one of my favorite sports.  You?
I am a fan. Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for inventing the yellow line that marks the first down? Can you imagine watching a game without that?
Not sure I could picture a game without it.  There are times I forget that it's superimposed on the screen and wonder why the player doesn't see it when they don't make a first down.
Ha ha, me too. Do you remember the Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
Vaguely.  The Patriots do some amazing thing with RBs that haven't done anything huge in the league.  What is special about him?
He never fumbled a football his entire career!
Whoa!  That is pretty special.  I'm surprised he didn't have a bigger career.  Speaking of careers, could you imagine a time when a pro bowler would make more than a football star?  
I cannot imagine that at all. I didn't know there was ever a time when that happened. I remember it being on TV randomly when I was little but not for a long time. 
The 1960s were obviously a different time.  Within a decade, football was probably supplanting baseball and left the pro bowlers in the dust.  
Good point. Any idea what the highest score in football ever was?
I seem to recall it happened way back in like the second decade of the 1900s and involved Georgia Tech, but can't place the score or opposition..  
It was against Cumberland. The score was 222-0. How is that even possible?!
Wow!  I think the most I have heard about were scores in the 80s or maybe even 90s, but that wouldn't even reach half of that score.
No. It seems like they would have had to have been scoring the entire time. 
Hello! Do you like football or Tom Brady? I love football, but not a fan of Brady or his TB12 Method book.
I do enjoy football. I haven't looked too much into the TB12 Method aka the athlete's bible he uses to stay in top shape at 40 years old though. 
I feel like because he does so well at his older age for football that he is kind of conceited, so much so that the documentary about him relates him to the messiah.
I completely agree with you there. I appreciate the more humble athletes like Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career, ya know?
I completely agree. I think ESPN was humble too when they won an Emmy for their yellow line because I hadn't heard about that until recently.
Agreed. It was so innovative - almost as innovative as the chips they plant in the shoulder pads to record the players' every move. It's like what will they think of next? Ha!
I know! I wonder if they will ever use the chips they have in footballs to decide if a touchdown is valid instead of using replay.
That is a good point. I mean, they can already track location, velocity, speed and rotation, so why not touchdowns as well?
Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!
No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.
That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players?!
I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players. 
That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?
I know. I'm so surprised no lawsuits have been filed yet over that nonsense. I'm also surprised we haven't had a female player drafted yet considering there's no rules forbidding females from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements!
Me too! I wonder if the University of Iowa has ever gotten in trouble for having their visiting locker room painted pink.  Wonder if that tactic works?
Ha! Maybe Cumberland should have been placed in a pink lockerroom when Georgia Tech set the highest score record on them by beating them 222-0. Sounds like they needed some sort of motivation!
I'm surprised Georgia Tech didn't just stop trying! How do you feel about players praying after the game? Did you know Jefferson made his own version of the Bible?
I did, actually. In fact, I heard he cut out all the supernatural parts of it with a razor. Do you think they called it the "King Jefferson" version? Ha!
Crazy! And Roosevelt and Adams are the only two presidents who didn't use one at their swearing in!
That is interesting. I also found it interesting that up until the early 1960s, It was a common requirement for kids to read the Bible in school for their elementary education. That really surprised me!
Very interesting! Nice chatting with you!
Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?
The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?
Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport
Bowling was a big sport because people did it so much. On the weekends they would bowl for social purposes. Many people found spouses and lost children that way.
I guess so. Did you know the U of Iowa locker room for visitors is painted pink?
Is that meant to do something to the players' psychology or something? I don't think that would work. It might make them donate to breast cancer research.
I know so not sure what they are trying to achieve with that. Do you know what the highest score in football history is?
The highest score is probably higher than most players' IQ. Was that when the Patriots played the Browns?
Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0
Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?
Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?
Is that like the NFL? Is it football? Or Spanish soccer or something?
It is a channel that shows sports only and they once won an Emmy because they invented the superimposed yellow line in football.
Who is Emmy? And they won her because of a yellow line? That seems like an odd connection.
Emmy is an award and yeah kind of strange but it seems it helps a lot when you are watching the game at home
I never needed an award to help me watch a game, but I guess TV and sports have changed. 
Yeah for sure they have. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Can't say that I've had the pleasure of his acquaintance. 
Me either but he is a great player, a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career
A QB that never fumbled? That's incredible! I can't barely hold a beer without spilling some on my dog.
Haha there you go. Nice chatting with you. 
What do you think about Tom Brady, the football player ?
I was never much a fan but after I saw his Tom vs Time documentary it totally changed my mind.  I give him all the credit he deserves now and yes...I'm a fan now  lol
Me too I really like him, the Pats would not have won the Super Bowl when they were trailing 3-28 without him.  What this Tom VS Time documentary about ?
It's a behind the scenes look at how he prepares himself both physically and mentally for the NFL season.  He pretty much never takes a day off all year long.  

Is it related to his TB12 Method ? Some find it a little creepy.
In some respects it is a little bit.  You see some of the health and lifestyle decisions he makes in the documentary.  He credits the TB12 Method book for helping him to stay on top of his game.
Don't you think he should stick to being a football player, and keep his advice to football and physical shape ?
That's a tough call because the book does focus on a heathy diet and lifestyle approach that would crossover to help in football.  
Maybe your are right, you cannot really improve just one aspect of your life, your have improve most of them at the same time. It is nearly impossible just to improve your alimentation, if you have a toxic lifestyle. 
True.  Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game is when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0?  That seems crazy that it was so high.
Yeah how would you feel if you were in the losing team ? I think I would just laugh it out. 
I would throw my hands up and just think "well I am here for the education after all".  lol 
I don't think there is anything to learn from that loss, I just hope nobody got injured during it. 
Yes I agree.  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football once during his NFL career.  That's pretty impressive!
As long as he has played often, because I also never fumbled the football during my NFL career. What do you they do with all the data they gather from the sensors and chips they put in their equipment ? 
I don't know.  Seems a little like they are getting too analytical to me.  
Maybe it is for television, like the yellow bar for the first down. I can't imagine watching football without it. 
Didn't ESPN win an emmy for that?
Yeah, I think it was the kind of product that people needed but they did not know they needed it until it was shown to them.
True.  In the 1960's top bowlers made 2 times as much money as the top football stars from that era.  That number is probably different now.
Yeah, but still, the average lifetime salary of an engineer is higher that the one of a pro footballer, they earn a lot but just for a few years, I think it says a lot about how low the pro bowler salary is. 
Yes.  The engineers have a longer career which makes sense.  It was nice chatting with you this morning!  Hope you have a good day!
Engineer don't have much physical injuries, that helps for having a long career. Thanks for the conversation.  
Are you a Tom Brady fan?
Yes, I am. In fact, I heard that Tom Brady treats football as a religion!
Well his religion, apparently he wrote a book about it called TB12 Method. have you read it. 
Ah that book. Wasn't a book that was branded  as an 'athlete bible'? I have heard much about the book.
Well some say that it was kind of cultist. So i not sure i care to read it really. i'll just stick to watching him make great plays. 
We cannot talk about Tom Brady without talking about the football sport as a whole. Did you know that in the 1960s, Top Bowlers made twice as much as Professional football players? Imagine a bowler making twice the amount of Tom Brady!
Yeah that's weird however did you know his wife makes twice as much as him now?
No I did not. Wow! An engineer would make more than Tom Brady if you compared their lifetime earnings. That is probably due to how few years football can be played professionally.
Wow that is something but i'd rather do 10-15 and out with millions that 40-50.
Agreed. I just wanted to point out that women would be allowed to play in the NFL if they meet the league requirements.
I would love to see a women's league in football like the wnba.
The visitors locker room in the University of Iowa is painted pink. Talk about demoralizing!
Yeah i'm sure you right! Do you know what the highest scoring football game was. 
No I do not, which one was it?
Cumberland and Georgia Tech back in 1916 the score was 220-0.
Do you know which football player never fumbled the ball once?
Wow that's quite an achievement, i think he played for the patriots right? 
Yep, it was Green-Ellis who did it. Amazing right?
Yeah, Hey did you know that the nfl only produced one left handed quarterback?
Ah, Shaquem Griffin right?
I forget his name. Well it was nice talking with you! if you get a chance you should check out the Apocrypha.
Hi, are you a football fan?
NFL? Yes. Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay? Seems small. 
I didn't know that exact figures but I knew it wasn't much. And yet we all watch. Go figure.
We are starved for violence. We like gladiators and combat. Could women be in there though? The NFL has no rule against female players.
I think if they're good enough they should be allowed. But, I wonder if they can get that strong. You?
Probably can't.
 Had you heard that Tom Brady eats avocado ice cream? I didn't even know there was such a thing. 
With all his cash, he can probably get any kind of (disgusting) ice cream he wants.
Yeah probably. Have you heard about his book?
His book on avocado ice cream? Is that a thing?
No the book is more about how he keeps healthy at 40 and his philosophy about life and football.
He probably has a bunch of followers who buy the book. Is it popular?
Well, they say it's a best seller. You sound like you're not a Tom Brandy fan.
I don't really know much about him. I know that he has won many Super Bowls. He married a model. that's it.
I think he is kind of full of himself, and while I'm not really a fan I can't help rooting for him because of his age. At my age I like to see old guys do well.
We all hope to retain the vigor of youth during our sunset years. Yet few of us have access to avocado ice cream.
No, but it sounds kind of good. I like avocado and I like ice cream. I've heard of worse combinations.
I guess I should try it before I judge it. Maybe Tom is onto a winning combination.
Well, he must be doing something right. Hard to argue with that much success.
True. I guess he has many years of playing success still left in him. Anyway, great chatting with you! Have a good evening!
Thanks. Same to you.
Hi, did you hear about the New England Patriots and Tom Brady?
Yes, I have heard about them but I don't think I've heard any updates about them since the superbowl and recently the news about the Patriot's owner, Robert Kraft. Have you?
Yes, I've heard quite a bit about them. According to Gotham Chopra, Brady's on a spiritual quest as well as his opinion that football has become Brady's religion.
Oh, I think I heard about the "Tom vs. Time" documentary though I've never seen it, have you?
No, I've haven't seen it but I will look for it, it sounds like an inspirational show. I'm interested to find out how spiritual things are connected to football. That seems strange to me.
I forgot where it is being broadcasted, do you know? Is it on TV or Netflix or something? Yeah me too, maybe there's some sort of thing he does that's revealed in the series that allows him to be such a great player!
It airs on Facebook Watch which you have to have a subscription to. It apparently looks at Brady's mental and physical preparation and his spiritaul side as well.

Oh well I don't have a subscription for that, do you? I wonder why they chose that platform to air it on. Yeah, my friend who has seen it told me it completely changed his opinion about the guy, he went from not liking him to actually thinking and respecting the guy.
Well, I don't have a subscription but i figure sooner or later Netflix will get it and I'll watch it then. With as much success as Tom Brady and the Patriots have gotten, you'd think he knows something that no one else is thinking about.
Oh that's true, I hope it does come on Netflix, it might even win an award, like when ESPN won an Emmy for using the yellow line in the games.
Yes, that could happen but think about what real success Tom and the Patriots are garnishing. The have a whole state on their side. Even churches in New England talk about the team on Sundays at the palpit. That's not something that's going on everywhere in the US.
Yeah, for people who aren't Patriots fans living in that area, I think their houses might be teepee'd or something or perhaps painted completely pink like what the University of Iowa did to the visiting football teams' locker rooms.
Yes, that could be, sometimes you don't want to feel the wrath of the opposing team.  But, you have to admit that in last years Super Bowl, the Patriots pulled it out in overtime to win the game and that was very exciting, to say the least.
The super bowl game last year was entertaining and quite good, the TB12 method does work, do you know what the 12 in that term stands for?
No, what do you think it means?
Perhaps you're only allowed to eat 12 items per day in the diet? 
No, I think it has to do with entire lifestyles of spirituality, fitness, nutrition, philosophies and stuff like that. Did you know that former Patriots RB Benjavus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career? Thats amazing.
Oh ok, or maybe it has something to do with Brady's jersey number which is 12, I think. That is impressive, perhaps the religion of the game or of Tom Brady helped him achieve that feat!
It could be that you are correct, I'm guessing myself. I do know that it sounds inspirational and like something other teams might want to participate in.that TB12 Method, I mean.
Yeah! do you think schools should require reading the bible as part of their educational curriculum?
It would not be a bad idea in my opinion. Teaching morals and ethics is a good thing. It's been great chatting with you, have a good one.
Hello there, do you watch the NFL?
Yes, I do, Go to the games!
Nice. DO you have a favorite player or team?
I like the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Patriots!! How about you?
Nice same here, I love the Patriots and Brady. Did you know he is an author of a book now too?
Yes, I have not read it yet! But I want to. Have you read it?
I have not, but the guy seems to be everywhere now. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?
Yes, that's fair, as long as they can deal with it. Do you know what the TB12 method is?
Isn't that Brady's lifestyle brand?
Yes it is, How do you like the flavor of avocado ice cream? I love avocado, but have never had it in ice cream!
I love it actually and I hear that Brady keeps healthy by sticking to that kind of ice cream
Okay, I will have to find some and try it. Have you seen the film, Tom vs Tom?
I have not seen it I heard that it is about Brady and him getting ready for the NFL season Have you seen it?
Not yet!  Matthew Slater and Tom are good friends on the team.
Nice. I will be checking that documentary series out. Heard they are placing tracking chips on the players now
Yes, shoulder pads and footballs! I think its a great idea! Thinking its better in the long run for engineers than the average NFL player. 
Yeah and they already make more than football players in their lifetime
Yes, Have you seen pictures of the real building in modern day Iraq, the Etemenanki?
I have not but I hear that people believe that that is the Tower of Babel. I would like to visit that for sure
Yes, I want to look that up. I am not sure I would want to visit Iraq right now. Great chat!!
Yeah maybe in the future when things calm down. Same here. 
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Yes I do. I am a fan of the game. What about you?
Nice me too. Did you know women can play as well?
No I actually did not know that was a fact. I was curious if any woman has ever tried out for a team. 
I wonder too and if they have tried they must not have made it yet. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes, 222-0! Thats amazing. I wonder how bad your team must be to lose so handidly. Can you believe that Tom Brady really wants to keep playing?
Yeah most players his age are pretty much done at this point and hence I guess they make less money than engineers, their careers are shorter
That was interesting as well. I think there is one kicker who is like 47 who said he will keep playing. But with that, I guess you only have a few plays a game where you actually do anything.
Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line?
I had seen that before somewhere. Technology has changed the game. I did not know that it was only 11 minutes of actual time. 
Yeah it sure has. And yet when you think about it, we are glued to the tv for hours
We are. The super bowl is like 4 hours when you add in all the comcerials. It wasnt a very entertaining game either, but I was happy Brady won again.
Yeah a lot of people were happy about that, including me.On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I was raised in the faith but havent really read much of it. I didnt know most children read it up until the 1960s
I see. Yes I am surprised that it was part of the education system for that long Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?
Yes I did see that, it was fascinating to learn that. I also was interested in the translation of apple being the same as evil
yeah that is pretty cool.Roosevelt and Quincy also opted out of using the Bible to swear in
Suprised that its only been two of them. I wonder their reason
I bet you they were not religious and opted out of it. Do you know much about the Tower of Babel?
I dont. I was interested to look that up. Ive heard how it kind of defines why people speak different language
Apparently people believe that it is in the modern day Iraq, the etemenanki.
I enjoy football. Are you a fan?
Yes I am a fan of football, the american version, are you a fan of that one or soccer but others like to call football in other countries?
American football. Were you aware that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players? I can't imagine that now.
Yeah, I don't even think bowling is broadcasted on sports stations or on any stations at all, if it was, would you watch it?
No. I feel like they were randomly on TV when I was little but not for a very long time. Do you have any guess as to what the highest score in football ever was?
Somewhere in the 70s? It's hard to imagine a game being such a high score when there's only eleven minutes of live gameplay!
Wow! That's an insanely small amount of gameplay. Georgia Tech Defeated Cumberland in 1916 with a score of 222-0!
Wow! That's insane! That would hurt my pride a lot but at what point in the game do you just call it quits?
Good question. I didn't know it was even possible to score that many points. It would just have to be constant scores. 
Yeah exactly, did you know that the Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from dining in the present of NFL players, such horrible treatment!
That's upsetting. I did hear about that. What really disgusts me is that is the cheerleader was there first and is already eating, she has to stop eating and leave. That makes me very angry. What's the point in that?
Yeah, why is there even such a rule, what benefit does it serve? I think, if anything, that rule just adds to the ego of football players.
I agree. Did you also know that there are tracking chips in players shoulder pads and the football?
Is it to track their speed and movement or impact of tackles perhaps?
It tracks velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location. Why do they not use these as part of making the calls? Why do they rely only on reviews when they have this technology?
Yeah that's a great point! I wonder if the agents use this data to negotiate better contracts and salaries for their players, it could be a great bargaining tool.
I agree. Since they are not doing any of this, it begs the question what are they doing with this data?
Probably selling it to people in this digital age and yet the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of the NFL player, any theories why that's the case?
I have no idea. That's the first I've heard of it. I'm surprised more people don't go for that then rather than hoping for a football career. It would certainly be less hard on your body. 
I agree, so that could possibly mean females are quite smart since even though they're allowed to play in the NFL, they don't because it's such a physical and injury inducing sport!
Ha ha, that's true!
Hello, do you watch football?
Hi, yes. I love football! I did not realize the season lasted 17 weeks!
Yeah pretty long. I guess with 32 teams playing it takes that much time
Did you see they only rest one weekend during the season?
That is crazy, so much work goes in there. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
Oh yes,that is so funny. they really want to intimidate the other team, but is more like a joke
Wow, what an idea. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s?
Things have really changed, football is so popular today. And today engineers make on average more than football players!
Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money
True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?
Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now. 
I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?
Yeah it was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0. WHat a game
That is crazy, that happened more  than 100 years ago! Never something like that again.
Yup I do not think so either. Did you know women can play too?
If they meet the requirements. I would like to see that happen. It would have to be a very strong woman though.
Yeah, but I would like to see that too. Did you hear about that rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
I could not believe when I learned they can't eat at the same restaurant where an NFL player eats!!
That is a sad rule and the worst part is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in
I do not think that rule can last long! Did you know that there are other types of football?
Yeah like soccer, Canadian football, Australian, rugby, all the fun ones.
Hi! Are you a Brady fan?
Hi! I love Tom Brady! In fact, I've been wanting to study the TB12 Method aka the athlete's bible that he says helps him stay in top shape at 40 years old. What about you?
I have heard of it, but have not read it. You?
I would like to! I also want to see the Tom vs. Time series that recently premiered on Facebook Watch as well that focuses on his physical/mental preparation as well as his spiritual side. 
Sounds awesome. I admire his dedication tot he craft of football, but I am uncertain about his religious overtones.
Agreed! So are you a football fan? I certainly am although I wish it was longer. The 17 week regular season from September to December just isn't long enough for me. Ha!
Yup, me too. And there is only 11 minutes of actual playtime per game. Leaves you wanting more!
So true! And can you believe there are actually no rules against women playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements? I can't believe we haven't at least had a female kicker by now!
Yeah. That would be a good position.  I wonder what the minimum eligibility requirements?
That's a good question! But perhaps if they're doing it simply for the pay, they'd be better off entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, ya know?
Sounds about right. But hard to believe that bowlers used to be paid better than NFL athletes!
That is hard to believe, isn't it? Wonder how much someone like Benjarvus Green-Ellis gets paid considering he's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career! That is amazing!
Yeah, and I bet he never dropped his wallet either!  I would give him an Emmy for that performance!  Better than the ESPN Emmy for for creating the superimposed yellow line!
Ha! You are so right about that! And that yellow line was truly innovative. Similar to the chips embedded into the shoulder pads thay records each players every move! That is incredible if you ask me!
Seems creepy to me. Big brother watching your every step...
Yeah true. They also have a chip planted in the ball that tracks location, speed, velocity and rotation as well!
That makes more sense to me. Not as creepy. Like the New Orleans Saints, who restrict movements of Chearleaders. Have you heard of this?
Yes and that's so misogynistic. Can you believe it? I'm so surprised no lawsuits have been filed over that silly rule. It's worse than Georgia Tech once humiliating Cumberland 222-0. Even though that's the highest score in football history, it's still classless. But not as bad as what the Saints do to their cheerleaders. 
You want humiliating? Try dressing in a pink lockeroom like they have at Univ of Iowa!
Ha! Can you imagine what that does? It could be a good thing... or very bad! Ha! I know we talked about the athlete's bible earlier, but do you know anything about the regular bible as well? I can't believe it has sold over 5 billion copies. I guess that's why they call it the best selling and most influential book of all time. 
Awesome book. I even like the Apocrypha!   Nice chatting!
Are you a NFL fan?  If so, you may find it interesting that many are drawing religious parallels with the New England Patriots.
Yes, New England Patriots players are favored to win super bowl LII, Which could be the sixth NFL championship.
They may do so with the help of Brady's "Athletes Bible" 
Football has become Brady Religion, said chopra. He is the one of the best player, Which credits with helping him stay at the top of his game at age of 40.
Yep.  The Pat's have quite a fan base that worships coach Bill Belichick.  The say: "In Bill We Trust."
Other than football, Brady turn into spiritual life for the purpose. It was the great loss to the football fan.
He's not the only one on the team.  Matthew Slater is an evangelist off the field.
Yes, Brady is a kind of messiah figure for a lot of Patriots fans.
I think he's more into health and nutrition than he is religion. He show's no sign of quitting football. 
Football are always take healthy food and regular exercise to make them fit for the game. It very essential because they are playing for the nation. Small injury make them very upset.
I bet the fans for Cumberland were upset in 1916.  The got beat by Georgia Tech 222-0.
Surely, Its now also shocking. The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football team is completely painted with pink.
Pink? Wow.  It's funny to know that pro bowlers made more in the 1960's than the top football stars.
Oct 7, 1916 is the sad day for cumberland bulldog. They lose the match with georgia tech.
Yes.  The NFL has no rule against females playing the game.
Cheerleader are not allowed to eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player and if they already dining in the restaurant if any NFL player comes the cheerleader required to leave. It is the biggest rule in the NFL.
Yeah, I heard that about the N.O. Saints.  Also amazing is that there are only 11 minutes of live game play in an NFL game.
NFL uses tracking chips in player shoulder pads to record the movement of the player in the field.
SO high-tech... It's wild to know that the Tower of Babel was likely are real building in Iraq.  
Bible is considered the product of divine inspiration and record a relationship between God and human.
Yes.  Thanks for the chat!
Did you hear that the Patriots football team in the NFL won the superbowl?
Yeah, again. Lol
I wonder if it is because of prayer that they win?
Well, Brady does have that TB12 method.
What's a TB12 method?
Bradys method 12 is his number from the Patriots.  It involves his avocado ice cream.
I never heard of that avocado ice. 
Neither have I. I do think it would be interesting though.
I wonder if something weird is going on with the Patriots. Is it just skill?
I dont know, they sure are dominant.  Its like no one can stop them.
Maybe it is his TB12 method that makes him unstoppable.
Could be, he considers football like his religion.  
Yes, even the coach said he was concerned that the faith in the game might be more than their faith in church.
People consider him a Messiah.  There is an In Bill we Trust Motto
Yes, I don't even watch football until recently.
I dont watch much because of lack of cable.
I don't have cable but I do have a ROKU which streams shows. It did show the superbowl until the last 2 minutes. 
That was the important part, I might need to look into a ROKU.
You should. You buy it once and then you get lots of things free. It was crazy that they cut it at the last moment. I then watched it on my computer.
I do like watching a lot of sports, so that might be a good option.
Yes, you can also buy sports packages just for your taste.
Awesome!  Great Chat!  have a good night.
Good morning!  Do you like football?  Fan of Tom Brady?
Hi! Yes I am to both questions, I also really like Bill Belichick's coaching, I've read books and articles praising his leadership, you?
Yes!  No doubt the best coach of all time I think.  Did you ever see the documentary Tom vs Time which was about Brady?
Oh, I haven't heard about that documentary, is it on Netflix or something?
I watched it on one of those at one time.  Totally changed the way I thought about Brady.  I went from not liking him to being a really big fan.  He puts a lot of work into his craft and it comes through in the documentary.  I think the first couple of episodes were on Facebook.
Oh wow, ok, I'll have to look into that. Maybe it was that documentary that I saw or something else that also changed my perspective on the guy. Have you heard about his TB12 diet?
I haven't heard about it.  Tell me more.
It's a very extreme diet called the TB12 method where he only eats certain natural produce, good carbs, and all organic. It's what allows him to play well according to him, forgot what the 12 stands for though, do you know?
Interesting!  Did you know the NFL has no written rule against female players?
Wow, has there ever been a female player in the NFL? I don't think I recall seeing or hearing in the news that a female has ever played in the NFL, I imagine that'd garner a lot of attention in the media.
Not yet.  But, I'm sure there will be one someday.  There's only an average of 11 minutes of actual live gameplay in an NFL game.  I wish they would play more than that.
With only eleven minutes of live gameplay and yet I devote an entire afternoon and evening! If the games were longer, I think I'd have to spend the whole day in front of the TV, which I don't think I mind being a couch potato
lol  I wouldn't mind it.  I like watching the games because it gives me a chance to unwind before the work week.  In the 1960's bowlers made more than twice as much as the top football stars of that era.  
Same here. I wonder if that's still true today, it seems there's an emphasis on salary of football players since the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are also higher than football players. I find that very hard to believe.
I wonder if it's because engineers have longer careers?
Oh, good point. But I imagine multi-million endorsements are probably higher than the players' salary.
That's incredible how they do that with the chips.  They also have them in the footballs to track velocity, etc.
That's pretty neat, do you know if this data has been released?
I am not sure.  I always think it's funny when you hear soccer being referred to as football in other parts of the world outside of the U.S.
Yeah, it really throws me off a bit especially when football is such a big sport in the US. Is soccer one of your favorite sports?
Somewhat.  I'm a big baseball fan!  It was nice chatting with you today!
Hey, are you a Tom Brady or NFL fan?
No, I am a pittsburgh steelers fan, but they lost shortly after they made it to the playoff.
I am sorry to hear about your two best players leaving. I like Tom Brady, I have his bible!
Oh really, that's great, he believe his bible helped him to win games until the age of 40.
I guess so, lol. I don't know if it can help him anymore! Do you watch college football at all?
I like college football better than pro. I watched the big game Alabama vs Clemson, two of the toughest teams. 
Yea that was a good game! I am a Iowa Hawkeye fan, did you know their visiting locker room is pink!
yes, I read about that, I think the Hawkeyes are pretty good, but for some reason I always look for more from the players.
i agree, sometimes they disappoint. At least their games are longer in total playtime. nfl games only have 11 minutes
Do you actually believe that? just think about four quarters, quarterback time, running back time, kicking time, not even counting commercials.
I think so. i think the play clock runs so much of the time off before a play is ran.
Just think about the time the players take in a games divided into four quarters. Maybe this just my opinion.
For sure, their bodies alone take the biggest beating of all. Maybe why engineers created chips to track in their shoulder pads.
Yes you are right, I am glad that the nfl improve protection for the players and to track them maybe for their safety.
Do you watch ESPN at all?
Yes, ESPN is one of my favorite channel especially when it comes to college football. Do you watch espn a lt.
I do, did you know they won an EMMY for that yellow line that shows the first down on TV? so interesting!
No I didn't know that, I always wonder about the lines on the field. I wonder what they were using before espn came up with that.
For sure, I bet it was so crazy! Good chatting with you friend!
It is crazy, nice chatting with you also.
Bye!
Hey! Do you like Tom Brady?
I might. Who is he and what does he do?
He is a Quarterback in the NFL, well known for winning Superbowl games. 
He must be a tremendous talent. Is he any good at singing and dancing?
I am not sure about that but he views Football as a type of religion to him. 
He probably has to sing and dance in exultation during the services he leads. Is he ordained in the NFL?
I know he is religious. A lot of the Patriots team members are. I can't answer that question.....Do you watch Football at all?
I used to watch, but then I was told that it is sinful. I didn't understand that it was sinful because I ain't studied on the Bible in a while. 
Oh, ok. I like football and the NFL but don't have time to really follow it. So you are religious? Ya know the Bible has sold over 5 billion copies. A lot of people ead the Bible.
A lot of people do eat the Bible. It has many pages that are comestible.
My error, I wrote ead.....read is what I meant. So you have read the Bible in your life?
I keep one around just in case. Sometimes I find that in emergencies it can be valuable. 
That's good. The NFL team the Patriots try to keep their religion as their focal point during games instead of just focusing on the game, pretty good thing to do.
I didn't know that they could do that. Is that a kind of cheating? Would that give them an advantage?
I have no idea. How would looking to God in your everyday life be cheating in a football game? 
They are appealing to a higher power that can shift the game in their favor. Do the bookies know? Is it reflected in the spread?
Again, can't answer that. I do have some fun facts on the Bible though! Yay! The biblical tower of Babel is based on a real building in Iraq. 
how interesting!
Another fun Bible fact....Thomas Jefferson created his own Bible....and cut out the parts he didn't like. 
I guess that makes sense. You don't like something, throw it away. I guess he must have disliked the parts about religion.
I guess he did. Also a Patriots player rb Benjarvus Green a player in the NFL never fumbled a ball during his entire football career!
I guess that's a pretty good thing. Did he get special money for that? I figure he should get something like a promotion.
I don't believe so. But all I can say is Football, the NFL are a great sport and even if they read their Bibles and focus on God during games it all seems great to me:) It Has been an interesting chat, you have a great day!! Bye!
Hi there!  are you a football fan?
Good morning! Yes, I am.  What about you?
I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.  
That's cool, I like NFL football.
Did you catch the superbowl this year?  Pretty soon Brady is going to run out of fingers to put those rings on!
Actually, I did.  That thing was too long, though.  I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
Same here.  There is so much waiting around.  Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score.  That would give more action.
You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field.  It would be interesting to see what that data shows!
It would.  Id even like to see how hard those guys are actually getting hit.  I know the NFL doesnt have rules against female players, but I dont know if a female would want to take some of that impact from those 300 pound lineman.
Me either, but I think I'd like to see at least one female on the field.  Would make things more interesting, to me!
Same here.  I think there might be a female on one of the officiating crews.  I think I saw something about that a while back.
On a different note, do you read the bible?
I havent ever read all the way through, but I have read a good deal.
Me too, my grandma got me into the habit of reading a little before bed, every night.  So, I try to keep that up.
It is a good habit.  Did you know that Apple became known as an apple because when translated into Latin, malus means apple and evil.  
Did not know that tidbit.  Wonder how many other things get changed/ lost in translation?
Probably a lot that we dont even realize.  I wonder if it was things like that that caused Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams to not use the Bible to be sworn in on.
IDK, wonder what they used, instead?
I dont know.  I heard that with some of the swearing ins in the most recent congress some people used a law book, others the Koran.
Wonder what ole Thomas jefferson would have thought about that?  You know he used a razor to cut out the parts he thought were, supernatural.
I know, that would be a lot of significant stuff.  Anyway, I have to get going, good chat!
I think Tom Brady is the best. I love his plan for life
I agree. His TB12 Method is very motivational 
I want to read his "athlete's bible" for my own life
I want to see his "Tom vs. Time show on facebook
He is a very spiritual person. 
"So if you're going to compete against me, you better be willing to give up your life, because he is giving up his." Very good quote
I agree with McDaniel when he said that He is a great example
Well he is friends with McDaniel who is he pastor of Richmond Community Church
Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40
coupled with avocado ice cream as well. 
Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?
wow. I wonder why ? I did not know that ESPN created the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line
Yes good invention. I would have called it quits in that georgia tech cumberland game
That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !
What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players
Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why
Well I would have rather had been a bowler instead of a football player in the 60's
Or a engineer. The lifetime earnings are higher
The bible is the best selling book ever. I have a copy. 
I think everyone does except for Teddy roosevelt and john quincy adams
Well Thomas jefferson created his own version of the bible. I guess he do not truly believe 
How familiar are you with football?
I am kinda familiar. Sometimes I watch. Maybe the SB if I have a chance. What about you?
I am pretty much the same. Any favorite team or position?
Don't have a favorite team. Usually root for the underdog in the SB. I think that the Pats have reached the end of their reign. Brady is too old.
Really? I think even aside from brady, they have had a lot of talented people over the years like green ellis
True, but all dynasties end. I suppose Bill B could find another QB, but I doubt he will be as good as Brady.
But their end probably isn't now
When do you think the dynasty will end?
Probably after 2 key players change and the coach retires probably. I won't say they will keep winning the super bowl but I think their performance will go a long way
How long?
Hard to say, but I think they still have a good shot at the next superbowl
Good to know. I'll bet accordingly.
Please don't bet according to my opinion and do so based on your research
That is sound advice. I will do my research on Tom Brady and the gang before I wager my kids' college fund. The Bible tells us not to bet foolishly on great contests determined by divine will.
I personally wouldn't wager on sports games, more than I would be willing to lose anyway. Do you read the bible often?
Only in preparation for the Super Bowl. There is much wisdom to guide us in predicting the outcome of sporting events. 
Yes there is a lot of chance too
The Bible leaves nothing to chance for all is known, and that knowledge is shared to those that are true. I know that the Bible will guide me to selecting the victor of the great contests played in our beloved country. Those who lack faith will overlook the truth that could have been theirs but isn't.
in that case, good luck in your endeavors. Thanks for chatting.
Yes, indeed. We had a chat. 
Have a nice day.
Hi, how are you? What do you know about the Bible?
A little bit but not as much as I probably should. 
Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for US students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education? The country sure has changed.
I did not. I wonder what the religious make-up for the U.S. was at that time? I wonder if it's more diverse now and therefore not very inclusive. 
Very true. I expect that at the time, it was accepted. Now immigration has changed things.
I would imagine so. I did hear that Jefferson created his own version of the bible.
He cut out the 'supernatural' parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection. He wanted to see religion in humanist terms.
It's an interesting approach. I wonder how much it was an attempt to understand it or make it more palatable or an attempt to make it his own which I am not sure is okay in Christianity. 
It would not be ok. His changes would make it a different faith. Other presidents have taken a similar attitude toward the Bible. Presidents Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution. 
I suppose they should be given the opportunity to be sworn on whatever they believe in. Not everyone believes the same thing. I have heard people complain about politicians being sworn in on religious texts that were not the bible but I don't see the problem at all. 
The loyalty should be to the people and the country. 
I totally agree. Did you know that the Tower of Babel was likely based on a real building?
I expect that many things in the Bible have some connection to things in the world historically. They might appear in a different guise. The language of the Bible changes. For example, an apple only became known as an "apple" when the bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century. The reason: the word "malus" means both apple and evil. That is an interesting coincidence.
Wow! That is very interesting. So I wonder if it was entirely a metaphor rather than a fruit at all?
I would think that's a good possibility. Earlier readers might have understood the play on words. 
Interesting. By the way, the building that they believe the Tower of Babel is based on is the Etemenanki in Iraq. 
That sounds reasonable. It would be located somewhere in the Middle East. I wonder what it looks like.
That's a very good question. I had no idea it was based on a real building until very recently so I have never looked. I will definitely look into it. 
Yes, please do. Anyway, thanks for the chat! Have a good day!
Before you go, I just wanted to note that I have met many people that did not realize that Christianity and Judaism were so closely linked and use many of the same texts. It's always shocking to me. 
I believe it. The Pentateuch is the first five books of the Bible. 
That's a good point because I believe that and the Torah are the same. 
Hello, are you a fan of the NFL?
I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice
Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?
He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass
Yeah he is. And now he is author too. he published a book called The TB12 Method
Do you know what are some of the stages or rules of that method?
I am not sure actually Speaking of QB, do you know of Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
Yeah, I have heard about him, he also played for the Patriots right?
Yeah and he is the guy that never fumbled the ball in his career
He never fumbled a ball! wow, that is amazing, I dont know much about football, but that seems like a hard quest.
It sure does and good for him. Do you know the visitor locker room at U of Iowa is pink?
It is? that sounds like a great tactic to make the other team mad, college football sounds fun,
I think that is what it is. Do you know what the highest score in football is?
No, not really I know more about soccer than football but if you know can you please tell me?
The highest score is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat CUmberland. What a game
That sounds like a massacre lol, and also a really boring game, who looses by 222 points?
I know right? On another topic do you know much about the Bible?
No not really, I did read some verses when I was a little kid, are you a religious person?
I am not actually, just know some facts about the Bible , how it was in the education system until 1963
I do remember a story about the Babel tower, I then learn that might be a real tower.
Yeah it seems it is the etemenanki in the modern day Iraq
It must be a really nice building, a lot of history in one place, really interesting indeed.
Hey, have you heard about that new lifestyle plan that Tom Brady came up with?
Hi! No I have not. What is it?
He's called it "The TB12 Method". Sounds a little crazy to be treating football as a lifestyle.
Do you know how many teams are in the NFL?
16 in the NFC and 16 in the AFC, so that makes 32!
How many teams go to the play offs?
The NFC and the AFC each send 6, so there are 12 teams in the playoffs for the Super Bowl.
The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
They sure can drag those 11 minutes out! Maybe that's why Tom Brady is doing so well for 40, if he's only playing 11 minutes a game.
True! Did you know that the New Orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as an NFL player?
No I didn't! That seems a little extreme.
I agree. And if they are already at the restaurant eating, they have to get up and leave if a player comes in.
Gosh. I wonder why they do that.
Very strict. Do you read the bible?
I've read parts of it. I don't know enough of the old Greek to really get a true translation.
I find it really hard to read. I have tried but it's hard to me to understand what it's trying to say. Maybe i need to read the kid version haha.
Elementary students used to read it class up until 1963, so maybe it IS the kid's version! 
Did you know Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible?
Lots of the founding fathers had some weird religious ideas. What did Jefferson do?
Using a razor, he cut out the 'supernatural' parts, such as miracles and the resurrection.
Yeah, that sounds pretty weird. It's no good to pick and choose what to follow.
Do you watch football?
Yes I do and unfortunately the Chiefs are playing The Pat's this sunday!
I'm not too into football as it doesn't really catch my attention. There are only 11 minutes of live gameplay on average in each game. I know many fans and players view the sport almost as a religion though.
That is ridiculous. Tom Brady is starting to believe his own press. His TB12 Method is like he is selling his success  in an almost cultish way. I am sure he is close to retirement and now starts selling a book.
Yeah, he says his athlete's bible helps him to stay at the top of his game.
A true fact is that in the '60s top bowlers made twice as much as football stars. I think the game has become more popular as people work Monday - Friday and TV watching has grown.
That is insane that we have gotten so serious about football since then. So much that we have tracking chips in players shoulder pads and inside footballs.
What is amazing that with all the money thrown around, an engineer over his lifetime earns more that the average nfl player.
That is interesting. I think it's silly to worship NFL players. It's amazing that someone thought that ESPN needed an Emmy for making the superimposed yellow line!
That is funny since actors work for years to get one! Did you know that for the New Orlean's team, the cheerleaders cannot eat at the same restaurant as the players? If the player comes in, they must leave the restaurant. I wonder what the rationale is ?
That seems kind of sexist! Speaking of sexism, I wish more people were into women's sports. Women can play in the NFL if they meet the requirements but I'm not sure if that will happen.
At least there is no written rule that women can't play in the NFL. Meeting the requirements would be difficult!
Yeah, I heard that there is a talented kicker who might change that. Speaking of talented players, Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
I wonder how much he gets to play? Speaking of Tom Brady becoming his own religion, Did you know that Teddy roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only two presidents that did not use a bible to be sworn into office?
I wonder why that is! Yeah, Tom Brady wants to find the meaning of life through his own way, through football.
And he will have a lot of followers! Did you know that Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible cutting out the supernatural parts (miracles)?
Hmm, that is kind of extreme. Though, what is regarded as canonical varies depending on different traditions and groups.
It is also thought that an apple became known as an apple when the bible was translated into latin. Malus means both apple and evil in Latin.
I find it interesint how the Hebrew Bible, Greek Septuagint and Christian Old Testament all overlap
The biblical towe of Babel is likely a real building- the Etemenanki in Iraq. Yes it is interesting how many faiths overlap!
Even among Christian denominations there is disagreement about what should be included.
Do you like football?
Good morning!  I do enjoy a good football game and while I am not a Patriots fan, I certainly appreciate how good they and Tom Brady are.
I like the patriots. They are like the lanisters of football.
Sweet GOT reference!  I think TB & Coach Bilichek are in a power struggle now and neither wants to be left out in the cold, while wanting to prove that they can win without the other.
I can see that
I've learned that TB is achieving cult like status among the fitness/health community for his routine and regimen that keeps him in top shape that translates to winning on the football field 
Well he is an expert and has proved it given his performane
It make me wonder, with his life so seemingly perfect (career, family, celebrity), if a scandal is on the horizon again.  Bigger than deflategate, more like the one that his Owner, Robert Kraft just got tangled up in?
Who knows. I feel that sometimes celebrities got it hard with their lives under a microscope and paparazzi. 
It could also be because some people are very jealous of others success, that they look for ways to bring them down.  Some critics of TB are pretty strongly against him
That is a shame.
I can understand some of the criticism, especially from football purists that want athletes to just shut up and play the game.  Times have changed and today it's all about Brand and Q ratings
So is there any team of player you follow in particular?
We did not have a local team where I grew up, nor did my family have an allegiance to a team so I don't really have a favorite per se.  But now, living in Phoenix, I cannot help but follow the Cardinals, although I don't really root for them - some of their players are very popular.  You?
I personally like the patriots
Right!  What's not to like - the pinnacle of success and achievement.  The Boston sports scene has had a lot of recent success 
The lanisters of football
Yes!  The analogy between Football and Religion is very true for some fans, and now that TB has his "Bible", it's even more prevalent among NE fans I suppose
I mean some fans are very dedicated. Some even play fantasy football.
I play fantasy football, but am totally able to separate fantasy from reality.  I have a great time playing in the league with my good friends!
Indeed. In any case, thanks for chatting.
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
I do, I love the NFL, love football, what about you?
Yes me too. Did you know women can play too?
Like in an actual league game? they can? There's no rule against it?
Nope there is no written rule so if they qualify, then they are allowed to play
Oh I see, that is interesting
Maybe there are some tough women out there, you never know. DO you know what the highest score in an nfal game is?
Its 222 to 0 right? I recall watching a documentary about that, it was Georigia Tech against some other team
Yeah they played against the Cumberland and totally crushed them and went into history
No one wants to be remembered as the team that lost by 222 points
Yeah exactly. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
No, who is he? is he a football player on the 222 point losing team? 
Actually he was a QB for the Patriots who never fumbled the ball
Oh I see, never fumbled? wow, that is amazing, I wonder why I never heard of him before, I have to Google him up now
Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s
They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now
Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
No not really, my grandmother used to be really religious but Im not, I have read some verses of the sacred book though
Oh I see. Did you know that in school it was part of the program before 1963?
I didnt know that, what are your thoughts on this? I think religion should be imposed
I like the fact that it is no longer the case. Religion should be a free choice. 
Hi.  Do you like football?  Are you familiar with the NFL?
NFL? Is that the National Football League? Yes, I 've heard of it. The football that I know is with a round ball.
Oh okay.  The NFL is a professional American football league.
Now I am understand. The American football is the NFL. I am not so familiar with it.
It has 32 teams.  They have games from September to December.  
It sound like intense. Is it a game that many people watch? 
Most Americans watch the games.  NFL and football are very popular in the United States.
I am impressed. THis game must be very good. Do you have a team that you like?
I like 49ers since I used to live in San Francisco.  They are not  very good though.  I was a long time ago since they won the superbowl.  They belong to the NFL also.
San Francisco sounds like a great team. Other cities have teams. Who is the best team now?
The Patriots.  They won five championships.
They have won the most championships? And they are the best now? I guess everybody admires them for their prowess.
Yes.  Are you familiar with Tom Brady? He is their QB.
I do not know. Well, maybe i have heard the name but not know. The QB? Is it a special thing? 
It stands for quarterback. Quarterbacks are leaders of offensive teams.
He is a leader. I guess this is why the Patriots are so good at championing. 
I think so.  Tim Brady is the team's quarterback.
There is a Tim and a Tom? Are they brothers? It must be hard to share leadership. This is special talent they have.
It was a typo.  What I meant was Tom Brady.  He was the quarterback who lead the team to five superbowl championships.
I think this game of NFL and the teams and Tom/Tim Bradys sounds like a very American sports. Much courage and leadership. Thank you for teaching this things to me.
I've got to run.  It was nice chatting with you.
Please run! Thanks
You can read more about NFL on the internet.  Sorry for the typo.  The quarterback of the Patriots is Tom Brady.  Bye.
Are you a Tom Brady fan.
Yes, I really admire his hard working skills and his commitment to the team and sport as I've come to learn in the documentary "tom vs time" have you seen it?
I have not seen it but it sounds interesting. Apparently football has become his religion, what ever that means. 
Football has become his religion and for some, Tom Brady has become their religion or somebody they worship. There's even a creed for the Patriot's coach "In Bill We Trust", that' seems a little extreme to me.
Yeah that and the fact the some fans have deemed him their messiah.
Crazy! But not as crazy as how the Saints cheerleaders are treated, did you hear about that?
Yeah i think that's pretty sexist. Way beyond the confines of fraternization. 
Yeah exactly! But then again at the same time, women are allowed to play in the NFL, though I don't think I have heard anybody coming close to joining the league, have you?
I have not and i'm not being sexist i hope they don't. They last thing i want to see is 135lb pound WR being hit by a 295lb linebacker. I do think they should form a league like the WNBA. what do you think?
I understand what you mean, but I think there would be some physical requirements you have to meet in order to play, or I mean, survive an attack from 300 pound linebacker! Another way of looking at it is women are smart enough to not play that intensive sport! If there was a WNFL, I don't think the ratings would be too hot compared to NFL.
I do even more so than the WNBA. But i agree with what you said about women being smart enough to stay away from it. especially now that we know for sure about the brain injuries that it can cause. 
Yeah, even with only 11 minutes of live gameplay, I don't think it's worth the risk. But even still, eleven minutes of live gameplay and I devote my entire Sunday to the sport!
I know right, i just don't see how those figures can be right. Have you ever had Avocado ice cream?
Yeah, I think it's a little off too. No, is avocado ice-cream the next big thing? Like poke?
Poke? No apparently Tom Brady swears by it it's part of his TB12 Method program. 
The sushi thing that came from Hawaii or something, called poke. Oh wow, is that his diet regimen? TB12?
It's part of the plan he has for his life. Joy, Peak Performances and plenty of Avocado ice cream. 
Oh wow, I wonder if avocado prices increased as a result of his book, do you know by chance?
I don't for sure but i would gather they did. You know the highest scoring football game was a college game in 1916?
How high of a score did the game get to?
Georgia Tech put a hurting on Cumberland 220-0.
Wow, they didn't even score any points! I think my pride would be quite bruised if I was on the losing team.
Hello, how are you? Do you like football?
Yeah Football is pretty cool and fun to watch. Can't say I would be willing to make a religion out of it though.
Did you watch the Superbowl?
Super Bowl LII yes I watched it. The Patriots won against the Falcons.
Are you a Patriots fan? What is your favorite team?
I did like the Patriots before but then Brady decided to start a religion based on Football... that's just a bit strange for me you know?
I agree. I still like the Pats they are my home team. Did you know in the 60's the best bowlers made more than the top NFL players?
Really? Wow I had no idea that bowlers made so much money. I did hear that there was a football game that ended 222-0, that's litterally one  for the record books.
Wow that's amazing. I can't believe that ESPN won an Emmy for creating the yellow first down line.
Yeah, that's an interesting thing to win an emmy for. You know they say a football game only has 11 minutes of gameplay... but that only counts the time the ball is moving.
Wow that's incredible.  Four hours of TV for only 11 minutes of Game play, incredible!
Yeah... there's also all kinds of wacky rules on the NFL as well. For example, Cheerleaders of the Saints can't eat in  the same restaurant as an NFL player. Weird, huh?
That's bizarre and sexist. Did you know the University of Iowa's locker room for the visiting team is painted all pink?
Really? Weird you'd think with such a macho sport it would be some tough color... but perhaps its an attempt to demoralize the opposing team. I do know the NFL has tracking chips to record the players on the field.
I would agree with the demoralizing. Did you know there is no rule against women playing in the NFL if they can make the requirements?
Yeah... they're technically allowed to play but so far none have met the requirements and actually made an NFL team. I'm guessing the requirements for the patriots include saying "In Bill we trust", hahaha.
Did you know that Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled?
Really? Pretty impressive for someone with a career as along as his to have played that long and never fumbled once.
I like the patriots and all but some of that stuff is just beyond me. I really enjoy watching the game, but some people take it too far. Supposedly Tom Brady is never eaten a Strawberry, so weird.
Wow, that is pretty strange. It really shows the divide we have between celebrities and 'regular people'. Still, that TB12 method would not sell of some random person wrote it and not Tom Brady.
I don't really care about celebrities,they are just people. I didn't even know he "wrote" a book, and to call it a bible how distasteful.
Yeah... he can get away with it because he's famous. I'd hate to see what people would do to ME if I did that. But hey people seem to believe it, or at least believe that Brady believes in it.
I just don't get that at all celebrities are just people,some are good athletes or actors or what ever the case it's crazy the lengths some people go to, to idolize celebs.
Yeah, people do some crazy things to praise celebrities. Well I think we both have other things to get back to so I'll talk to you later ok?
Sounds good, take care.
Alright. 
Hello, are you a fan of the NFL?
I am, I really enjoy the heart and soul of the game. I truly believe that it's a divine game. And you?
I love the game too. DO you have a favorite team or player?
I do. I'm a Patriots fan true and blue. I believe that it can truly be its own religion.
Yeah I love the Patriots and Brady too. Did you know he is the author of a book as well now?
I recently saw that. It really makes sense, I mean, who doesn't want to be like Tom Brady, I can understand why some people see him as a kind of messiah. Do you think he's charismatic?
Yeah I think so, he has made a career everywhere. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?
Interesting! I hadn't realized that. Though I think they would have a tough time meeting the eligibility requirements. Did you know they track players movements with chips? Very 1984
Yeah I think they are collecting stats like velocity and rotation and such. I hope they can use that data to make thegame safer
Yeah, but should football really be safe? Think of all the money they get paid! It's for our entertainment!
I know but just to spare them the concussions. In the 60s bowlers made more money than football players
Wow! Though I suppose their average time is short actually playing in the NFL. In the long run an engineer will make more. But still. I suppose you would want to make the game as safe as bowling?
I am not sure if that would work, bowling is a pretty slow game. Did you hear about that game between Georgia Tech and Cumberland back in 1916?
222-0! Insane! Did you know that Green-Ellis never once fumbled? These kind of stats are what really makes me interested in Football.
Yeah the guy is a legend for sure. DId you know ESPN won an Emmy for the yellow line?
Wow! And when you consider that for only 11 minutes of gameplay, I guess I can see winning an Emmy for that kind of exposure. Do you think the bible has any place in Football?
I honestly cannot make a relation there but on the other hand I know it is the best selling book with over 5 billion copies sold
Crazy! I mean, maybe the Jefferson version, where it's just good advice. I could deal with that as part of Football.
Yeah the guy really did not like the supernatural stuff to go an cut those out with a razor. Wow
It's insane, but you know what - he founded a great University, so someone must have been on his side! Like Brady, you can't be that successful without God in your corner, I suppose!
I guess so. Roosevelt and Quincy seemed not to be religious either as they passed on swearing in with a Bible.
Well, you are asked to swear OR affirm. So I can see the logic in it, I suppose. 
Yeah, it is good that they have that option. Nice chat. 
Are you familiar with football?
Hi, how are you? Yes I am. I sometimes watch. What about you?
I have a passing knowledge myself
Ok. Did you know that the NFL has no written rule against female players? Women would  be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
I did, but I don't know if those requirements don't inherently disqualify women anyway
True. I don't know what the requirements. Probably women could play non-contact positions.
Perhaps but all positions risk contact
Kickers and punters have limited risk, though it is possible (but unlikely) that they might have to tackle someone. 
I guess that is true, but that could be a liability?
Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
Probably due to injury related early retirement
True. Engineers have fewer concussions. 
Much less indeed.
True. Engineers probably don't have to content with pink locker rooms either, or with tracking chips in their clothing.
I wonder what the nfl uses all that data for
Probably sells it to spy agencies in North Korea. Something like that. Maybe for training coaches.
Lol. But ya I hope they use it to lower the rate of physical injuries and concussions. 
The tracking would be good for video game design. KNow how players really move. Model it in a game.
Perhaps gaming companies already have to make football games
They might have the data. That would be interesting. I wish they had attached sensors to bowlers back in the 60s to understand how they bowled. They were superstars. 
Lol. I guess that is true. In any case, thanks for chatting. Have a nice day.
Are you a football fan?
You mean American football or the one with the round ball?
AM football. Do you know how tom brady is? him and the patriots just won the super bowl.
Tom Brady? Is he the coach of the Patriots? I guess he must be a pretty good coach then.
No he's the Quarterback, he led his team to i believe their 4th or 5th super bowl.
He must be a very good 1/4-back then. He plays for the Patriots? Are they in New York?
New England. Hey did you know that top bowler made twice as much as top nfl players in the 60's?
I am not surprised. Bowling is a difficult and dangerous sport. I would expect that bowlers should be compensated for the risk. 
Right i forgot the floor is pretty slippery, lol! The Iowa State coach had the visiting locker room painted pink.
Iowa is a pretty pink state in general. I guess that is to raise awareness of breast cancer.
I'm pretty sure it was a psychological strategy. I think they're putting tracking chips inside the footballs as well. 
Iowa put tracking chips in the footballs?! Isn't that cheating? They should not have that advantage.
Sorry i meant the nfl is not only putting tracking chips in the shoulder pads but also the footballs, lol!
Oh, ok. I guess the NFL is worried about losing footballs. I thought they were pretty easy to keep track of. The players need to be tracked? I guess they get around quite a bit, too.
They will record a players movements on the field and the velocity, rotation and ball speed.
Ok, that's good. The players should have their privacy. That would be worse than Facebook! LOL I guess they use that data for all kinds of strategizing.
Yeah apparently Tom Brady has a thing for Avocado ice cream. Have you ever had it?
What? That sounds awful. Why avocado ice cream? Why not strawberry? That's natural. Well, he's the coach. He can do what he wants.
"Quarterback" You know the patriots also produce a RB that never fumbled the ball in his career. 
Oh, he isn't the "full" coach. I get ya. Isn't the RB supposed to fumble the ball? Isn't that how they get it to the receiver?
Not at all, but thanks for making this a good chat. The RB or Running Back runs the ball into the end zone with out fumbling it. 
Hello, do you watch football?
Not too often, but I'm familiar with some of it because my bro is a big fan (even got a football scholarship in college.)
Oh nice, that is a sweet deal. Does he go to U of Iowa by any chance?
No, he choose U of Arkansas to attend.  This was back in the mid nineties or so.  (Can't remember the exact date.)  Why, did you go to U of Iowa or something?
No I was just wondering because they have that visitor locker room that is painted pink
Oh, yeah, I heard about that!  That's kind of funny.  I read somewhere they did an experiment where they painted a weight lifting room pink and found that the weight lighters suddenly couldn't lift as much as before.  Guess Iowa is trying to psyche out it's opponents.  Hehe.
Nice did not know about that other one but explains the reasoning behind it. Do you know what the highest score in football history is/
Actually, I do.  It was like 222 to ZERO.  Someone got beat pretty badly!  I wonder if the other team was even TRYING or if they're opponents were just THAT good...
Yeah it was Georgia Tech that beat Cumberland. I bet you they are still bragging about that to this day
You know ESPN won an emmy for creating the yellow line representing first down.  It's amazing what they can do with graphics nowadays during football games.  I remember when all we had where the white chalk lines (usually with Joe Montana narrating).  LOL
Yeah go figure, things have moved along pretty fast for sure. Do you know who benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
I'm assuming he's a football player, but other than that... (shrugs)
Yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career
That's pretty amazing!  You know what's crazy though?  For as long as games last, there's actually only about 11 minutes of live game play for each game.  
That is mind blowing and yet we are glued to the tv for so long. 
What's also neat is how closely they keep track of EVERYTHING in the game.  I mean, they got chips in the shoulder pads of the players and inside the footballs to track speed rotation, etc.  I guess there's nothing that doesn't get recorded somehow!
Yeah that is pretty cool. I hope they can use those stats to make the game safer too. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
No, what was that all about?  
Well they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
Wow, that's pretty strict!  Guess they're really big on that "no fraternizing" rule!  Can't imagine why they'd want the players to stay away from the attractive, young cheerleaders!  LOL
Yeah i guess but still very odd rule if you ask me
Are you a football fan?
Yes, I love football! Did you know that female players are allowed, there just aren't any that have met eligibility requirements.
I wonder what the eligibility requirements are.  I think there will be a female kicker someday.
That would be awesome to see! First New Orleans needs to get with the times and give their cheerleaders normal rights and not make them subserviant to the players
Absolutely, making a Saints cheerleader leave a restaurant if a Saints player comes in is just foolish and should be illegal.
Should be illegal! Did you know in the 1960s bowlers made more than football players?
Wow, that is hard to believe.  I am guessing TV revenue changed that quickly.
Probably. Speaking of tv...did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for their first down yellow line they superimposed on tv?
i did and that Emmy was well deserved.  I can't imagine watching football without the yellow line telling me where the first down is.  It makes football more exciting seeing a player stretch and reach for the yellow line.
I love the yellow line so that I know where they need to get to.  How do you feel about the using tracking chips in the shoulder pads?
I did not know about the tracking chips.  I guess it make sense because sometimes they get the top speed of the running backs or total distance traveled (not in a straight line) and i would guess these tracking chips is where they get the information.
Yes, sometimes I think we're getting too techy in the sport because they also have chips in the footballs.
I wonder with the chips if eventually we won't have to rely on the refs to tell if a player broke the plane of the end zone and scored.  Maybe the chip in the ball can tell us.
You'd think that would already be known since the chips are supposed to tell velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location...but I wonder who gets that info and when?
Interesting.  Maybe the information isn't relayed in real time.  It would be neat if there lights surrounding the end zone and when the chip broke the end zone the lights would flash or would be cheesy.
I think that would be cheesy and too alike to hockey.  What do you think of Tom Brady?
I think Brady is incredible.  He seems to be able to balance his family life with a complete obsession with football.  When he said he was going to play until 45 i did not believe it but now i am changing my mind.
I'm not a fan of him! I want someone else to win and he seems full of himself....Brady is a kind of messiah figure for a lot of Patriots fans...
I agree that Pats think he is a messiah figure but i don't blame him for that.  I see your point though.  A pastor in Virginia says there are faith lessons you can learn from Brady.  I wouldn't go that far.  I just think he has a lot of skill and an obsession with football.
I agree with that and maybe a little too much obsession since he said he's willing to give up his life for football.
True, his family life with his supermodel wife and kids is portrayed as perfect, but i found that a little hard to believe when his whole life revolves around football.
I completely agree. Now I need to go help my family lol.  Nice chatting with you!
I enjoy the NFL. Are you a fan?
I watch them because my son is a big fan and the entire family enjoy NFL games.
Glad to hear it. Out of the 32 teams which one is your family rooting for? I'm a Bears fan myself. 
The 49ers from San Francisco because we used to live there.
That makes sense. Are you familiar with the former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
Yes.  I heard that he has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.
Yes. That is so impressive. I did not know that was possible! Did you ever hear what the University of Iowa did to their visiting locker room?
Yes.  They painted the locker room for visiting teams pink.  To intimidate them?
Yes they did. I'm assuming it's some kind of mind game. 
I think so.  What do you think of Tom Brady?
I'm not a fan. How about yourself?
I admire him for winning five championship.  Four or five?  I do not remember.
I do not even know at this point. It's a lot. I definitely think he is a very good QB. Did you hear that he wrote a book?
No I did not.  Please tell me about it.
He wrote a book called The TB12 Method. It's referred to as an Athlete's Bible. 
What kind of book is it?
I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy. 
What do you think though? 
I have not read it so I truly can't make that judgement. Off topic, did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for creating the yellow line that represents the first down?
Yes I heard about it.  The yellow line was a good idea for American football.
It was an amazing idea. I can't imagine watching without it. I would get completely lost. They deserved that Emmy. 
Yes, they did indeed.  Did you watch the superbowl this year?
I did. It was horrible in every way ha ha. 
Hello, do you watch  the NFL?
Every week. How about yo.
Nice. I watch it sometimes only. Do you know how many teams are there?
Yeah there are 32 teams arent there
Yup there are. Did you know U of Iowan painted their visitor locker room pink?
I did know that. I doubt it really had any effect on the other team though. What do you think about that.
Yeah it does not seem to have much effect either. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s, wow
Yeah I would say that average players make a whole lot more today than the stars did back then. Crazy how much money is in football.
That is true and yet engineers make more over their lifetime
I heard that. Did you know that espn actually won an emmy for the yellow line they superimpose on the screen to show the first down 
Yeah that is strange but good for them, I guess it helps a lot with watching the game
It does give us fans a better perspective of how far they need to get for a first down. If you think about it. Its pretty simple but genius.
Yeah for sure. Do you know what the highest score is in history of football?
YeIn 1916 georgia tech beat cumberland 222-0. Bet they didnt want to play them again for awhile, huh.
I bet so too. Georgia Tech must be still bragging to this day about that amazing win.
Everything would have to go perfect every play to sore that many points. Usually when a team gets up by so much they let off a little bit. They sure didnt on that day.
Yeah exactly. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?
Yeah they are in their shoulder pads I believe. They are also placed inside the footballs 
Yeah, they are tracking velocity and rotation so I have they can use that data to make the game safer too
Lets hope so. Its cool all the information they can get these days. 
I know so much out there. It was nice chatting with you. 
Hi!  Are you a football fan?  
Hi! Yes I am a football fan. I prefer the American football than 'football' as some like to call in other countries when referring to soccer, do you?
I would say I am more of a soccer fan, but I follow some football.  Have you heard of the TB12 method?
I only know that it is something to do with Tom Brady and that's what the "TB" stands for, but what does the 12 stand for?
12 is his number that he wears for the Patriots.
Oh! That makes total sense now, what is "The TB12 Method?"
It is almost like a religion, especially to Patriots fans.  They see TOm as some sort of Messiah
I can imagine, there are lots of die-hard fans of his out there, maybe he garnered even more of those fans after the release of the documentary "Tom vs Time", have you seen it?
I have not, have you?
No, I haven't because it premiered on Facebook Watch and I don't use that function of the social media platform, do you?
I do occasionally, but usually if something strikes my interest while browsing.  
Would you be interested in watching that docuseries about him? Maybe they mention something about how the former Patriots player, Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his career, that's impressive.
That is really impressive.  I hope they end up paying him well.  Not the same as bowlers, who made the same amount as pro football players in the 1960's
Yeah and even engineers who make more than football players, considering they only have eleven minutes of live game play, maybe it's not such a bad thing they're paid less than engineers.
Id love to only "work" 11 minutes a week and make millions.  HA.  I realize that there is so much other stuff that goes in to playing, but that is kinda crazy.
Me too! I wonder if that high salary and the way they enforce rules like making cheerleaders leave a restaurant if an NFL player walks in gets to their ego at all?
It is probably a rule because of their ego.  I cant see any other logical reason for it.
But I think making them leave fuels their ego. I wonder if that rule has been amended because it sheds such a bad light on the team imo.
I think it should be, besides the physical requirements, I cant see females wanting to play in the NFL if that is how they treat women.
I would think money has a big factor and maybe proving something, but I imagine they must meet at least the physical requirements to withstand the impact of a 300 pound linebacker, you think female NFL players gear would be any different?
I dont know, personally id want a lot of bubble wrap.  
Lol, I think I'd want that and also a sumo suit with extra padding on top of that.
Hey friend
Hello, are you a fan of the NFL?
I love watching the NFL, it is my new religion
Nice, I only watch it sometimes but dd you know women can play too?
I did not know that, I wonder if there are woman that good that can
I am sure there are jtey just have not tried yet. It only lasts 11 minutes after all
For sure, that is so interesting. Is NFL your new religion?
No I would not say that really. DO you know how many teams are there in the NFL?
I think there are 32 total teams in the NFL, which is your favorite NFL team?
I am going to say the Patriots. Do you know their QB Bejarvus?
It was their running back, Patriots are my favorite, tom brady is my savior.
Nice, he is a great player for sure. Did you know they are using tracking chips on the players now?
I did not know that, how does that work?
Well they put them on their padding and then use them to tract velocity and rotation and a bunch of other stats
That is crazy technology, probably developed by those engineers making more money.
Most likely. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
I heard about that, for the yellow line on the TV right?!
Yeah I guess that deserves an award. Did you know bowlers used to make more money than football players during the 60s
I never knew that, I bet it is much different now! Nice chatting with you!
Yeah the football players for sure make more money now. Nice chat too.
Good bye!
Bye, have a good one.
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!
Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?
My favorite team is the Green Bay Packers! Do you have a favorite?
I like the Patriots and Tom Brady as a player.
I'm not a fan of Tom Brady...he seems to cocky for me. I also don't like him being compared to a messiah figure!
Yeah that is too much I find. I guess he is also a writer now
And apparently a little bit of an actor since he's in his own "documentary" "Tom vs Time."
Yeah that is true. Did you know women can also play in the NFL?
I didn't. I know one or two play in college, but didn't think the NFL was that with it.  I would love to see one!  What do you think about the University of Iowa having a pink visiting team locker room?
I think it is meant to be some sort of a distraction for the oppposing team but now sure how well it works
How distracted do you think Cumberland was in 1916 when they lost to Georgia Tech 222-0?
I bet a lot, that is such a high school it is the highest in the history of the sport so far
I would feel bad for Cumberland if I was a Georgia Tech player!  I wonder if Brady would ever beat anyone that bad or if his faith wouldn't allow him to?
Yeah interesting point. On another topic , do you know much about the Bible?
I know a little bit about it. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?
Yes he used a razor to cut out the supernatural parts off of it
That's a little different! Before 1963 kids in elementary school had to read from the Bible...I bet kids in private schools still have to!
Yeah especially in catholic schools. I am glad that rule does not apply anymore though. Religion should be a choice
I agree! Apparently so did Roosevelt and Adams since they didn't swear in to be president with a bible.
Yeah, they are the only two. Did you know people believe the Tower of Babel still exists?
That's awesome! I heard it was in Iraq! Nice chatting with you!
Hi, are you a fan of football?
Yes I am.  I usually watch NFL games on tv.
I do sometimes as well, but I cut cable a long time ago, so it is usually just the superbowl.
I read an article that NFL does not have rules against female players.  I was rather surprised.
Same here, Ive never seen a female on the field.
They allow female players but no one seems to be interested in joining.  There is one female referee though, if I'm not mistaken.
I think you are correct. I have heard something about the female referee.  I hope they treat her better than they treat cheerleaders.
Yes, I heard about the New Orleans cheerleaders.  Have you heard about the rule that they have to follow?
Yeah, they have to leave a restaurant if a player walks in, and cant eat at the same place.
Why cannot they stay if they are at the restaurant first?  The players need to leave if they come when the cheerleaders are already there.
Apparently can't, Im not sure what happened to necessitate that rule.
The media has never mentioned about it.  I wonder why.  They could influence the New Orleans team to change this odd rule.
I don't know if it is a league wide rule or just applicable to the Saints.  It is crazy though.
It certainly is.  Do you admire Tom Brady?
I do think he is  fantastic athlete. But I don't buy into his TB12 stuff.
Is this TB12 stuff mentioned in the Facebook Watch program about him?
I am not sure.  I haven't seen it.  It might be something that I look up.  It would probably be interesting.
Perhaps I will watch that Facebook Watch program that was aired on Jan 25 this year.
Ill have to look it up.  I heard there is a Tom vs Time episode.
Could you tell me what it is about?
I havent seen it yet, I know he says he is giving up his life to play football.
It sounds like football is his religion.  I've got to run now.  I enjoyed the chat.
Hey, you ever read the Bible?
I have, not really a religious person but used to read the sacred book when I was a kid
It is the best selling book of all time.  I sometimes read it, however I am not as strictly disciplined like students that were required to read it in school before!
It is? I guess there are a lot of religious persons out there, did you know Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible
Yeah, that is impressive improvising!
It is, he took out the miracles and resurrections from it I guess he doesnt believe in that part of the bible
It is reasonable to want to only see factual and real things in the Bible.  It is promising that at least the tower of babel is probably based on an actual building.
I didnt know that! I liked to read that story when I was a child, the tower of babel, great story
Yeah.  It is interesting also how there is differing perspectives on what is canonical text in the Bible.
You know that the estimated sales of the bible are 5 billion copies worldwide!!!
Personally, I can only imagine what it would be like to make a book that is that successful!! 
Im not a big fan of many parts of the book, there are many things that are wrong and proven to be mistaken, science is a better way at times
Perhaps wisdom can be derived from the actions of Thomas Jefferson, who takes the saying of taking things with a grain of salt to a far point.
Thomas Jefferson was a really wise man, taking the supernatural parts from the bible makes sense, the book itself has many valuable lessons but I dont know about miracles
Furthermore, Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were nonconforming, choosing not to swear in with a bible.
I guess they are the only ones, most presidents are religious or appear to be because of the public, interesting how the fruit apple got its name
Yeah, after the Bible was translated.  That was a surprising fact to me.
Yeah and the meaning of both apple and evil and the whole malus thing I guess thats why some evil characters have that name
Yeah, history is very complex.  Who would of thought that an apple was not just an apple?
I agree for me it was just an apple no clue about the meaning behind the word, have you heard about the Apocrypha?
Yeah, there is much difference of opinion over that.
Yeah various levels of respect and disagreement about it, well its a good thing reading the bible is not a mandatory thing in elementary education, we should all be free to chose our own religion
Do you enjoy sports?
I do.  Football is my favorite, but I like several others.  I am not like Tom Brady though who sees football as his religion according to one report.
I do like the patriots
Except for a couple of cases of cheating, they are the class of the NFL this century.  But Gotham Chopra has a TV series about how Tom Brady is beating father time to keep playing longer.
I would say they are like the lanisters of football
Great analogy!  Chopra makes that point that it is much easier for strangers to talk about sports than about religion.
Probably because religion is such a very controversial or touchy topic
No doubt.  They have so much confidence (faith) in the coach that they have a saying, "In Bill We Trust"
I mean trusting the coach is essential so you don't make a mistake while hesitating 
That is certainly true for the players, but I think it carries over to the fans.  Why not?  He has won more play-off games than any coach in history.
So do you have any favorite team or player?
I am an Oklahoma University fan.  So I have enjoyed seeing Baker Mayfield do well in Cleveland.  Cleveland is one of the 32 teams in the NFL.
How did they do in the last superbowl?
Ha ha!  They were 0-16 last year so they were happy to win some regular season games.  They almost made the play-offs.  There are 6 of the 32 teams that make the play-offs.  Their other players are young and talented, so they may make it this season.
That sounds great. They must have improved by leaps and bounds
They really did.  Have you seen the yellow line on TV that shows the line to gain for a first down?
Wasn't it done first by espn?
It was.  It adds a lot to my viewing pleasure.  ESPN received an Emmy for it.
I mean it does help the audience digest all the action much more easily
Yes it does.  The NFL also puts tracking chips in the footballs to measure velocity and rate of spin.  I wonder if that data will be used to compare QBs.
I hope they use it to reduce injuries
Me too.  They have them in the pads and that could help on injuries.  Nice chatting with you.
Hi, do you watch the NFL?
I enjoy watching NFL quarterback Tom Brady.
Nice, he is a good player. Did you know he is also a book writer now?
Is that part of his TB12 method I've heard so much about
Yeah it is that one. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
That is impressive, considering the New Orleans Saints rules on women cheerleaders and players.
Yeah that is pretty sexist that they cannot eat in the same restaurant
What do you think that the average NFL game only has eleven minutes of action?
That is pretty crazy to be honest, pretty short. Did you won ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes, I heard about that.    The yellow line was a big change for broadcast football.
Yes it sure is, makes it easier for us at home when we are watching the game
I wonder if they would've been able to keep up if the technology existed in 1916 for the highest scoring football game.
Yeah that was quite something 222-0 Georgia Tech must have been doing something right 
I wonder if they could've accomplished that with pink locker rooms like at the University of Iowa.
Hmm maybe, that could be it. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s?
Even today, an engineer will earn more lifetime than many professional atheletes.
Yeah I guess the fact that their careers tend to be short they cannot make too much money
Combining the two topics, the NFL is considering hiring engineers for chips to embed in equipment.
Yeah it seems they can now track velocity and rotation and such. Hope they can use that to make the game safer too. 
Too true.     I wonder what Thomas Jefferson might have thought about such things!    He disliked what he called "supernatural".
Yeah he certainly did not believe in resurrection and miracles so cut them out with a razor
Really?    What did he cut them out of?
The actual Bible and that way he had a version of it without those parts. 
Interesting.     I wonder if he got sworn in with that bible.     Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only presidents that did not use a bible.
Yeah , I have a feeling he used that one. 
Hi there, do you watch the NFL much?
I cant say that I do.  I usually watch around playoff times.  Tom Brady sure does seem to be dominant.
Yeah he is for sure, he id one of the best players right now. And now he is the author of a book too
Yeah, which has also come to be know as the Athlete's Bible
Yeah, which has also come to be know as the Athelete's Bible
People who are fans of the Patriots see him as some sort of Messiah.
Yeah for sure. THere was another QB there, Benajrvus have you heard of him?
Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.
That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular.   But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players.  So there is some incentive to work hard in school.
Yup sure it and they deserve it. I guess their careers are longer too so they have more time to make money
Very true, even though Tom Brady is 40, most stars dont last that long.  Football can be hard on the body.
Yeah it sure can be. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yeah.  Wasnt it for the yellow line?  That is a pretty neat invention.  Makes viewing at home a lot easier.
Yeah it was, it sure helps a lot for us.Do you know what the highest score in a game has been so far?
It was between GA Tech and Cumberland wasn't it like 222-0 
Yes it was, what a game. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I do know some.  One of the most interesting facts I know is that the word apple comes from the latin malus, which also means evil.
That is quite interesting. Did you know that Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?
Yeah, using a razor.  Thats kind of crazy.  
Yeah and he cut out all the supernatural part off of it I guess he was not much of a believer 
Definitely one who picked the parts that he wanted to believe.
Yup seems that way. It was nice chatting with you.
Hey, do you consider yourself religious?  The Bible is the best selling book!
I bet it has sold a ton of copies. Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for American students to be required to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education?
Yeah.  I am nowhere near that level of discipline.  Times were so different before!
Would you create your own version of the Bible? Thomas Jefferson created his own version of the bible, cutting out the 'supernatural' parts, such as the miracles and the resurrection. 
If someone as well known and respect as Thomas Jefferson did that to the Bible, then I think the Bible should really be taken with a grain of salt.  Furthermore, there is much dispute about the Bible.
The language certainly has changed over time. For example, an apple only became known as an "apple" when the Bible was translated into Latin in the 4th century. The reason: the word "malus" means both apple and evil. That is an interesting coincidence.
For sure.  There is not a consensus about what is canonical in the Bible.  I would like to study the Bible deeply some day, and interpret what I think is canonical.
It probably has value as a historical document. The biblical Tower of Babel was likely based on a real building, the Etemenanki in Iraq. I wonder what it looks like.
That is a relief, I suppose, that at least some parts of the Bible can be traced back to reality, and are not all supernatural. 
Some people think it has no place in government. For example, presidents Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution. 
Yeah, and they were the only two U.S. presidents to do that!
I guess they did not see a need to follow tradition.  They felt that they owed allegiance to the people and the government first. 
In my opinion that is honorable.  The Bible is not even completely agreed on.  The American people should not be infused with such dubiousness.
You're right. Among Christian denominations there is some disagreement about what should be included in the canon. It's unclear what accepted.
Yeah.  There is disagreement about the Apocrypha.  The Apocrypha is even regarded with varying levels of respect.
I think there are useful ideas from the past that have been discarded for political reasons.
Hopefully brave men in politics, like Thomas Jefferson, will use ingenuity and dissent to save us and open our eyes.
It would be good for people to consider a range of ideas, whether about the Bible or politics. The times change and our perspective must change as well.
Yeah.  Considering there is so much disagreement about the Bible, we may reach a conclusion in the future about its meaning that is surprising.  As surprising that apple only came to be known as apple after the Bible was translated into Latin!
Translation is tough, but reveals that language has historical meaning. Disagreement will never end, so pursuit of knowledge shouldn't either. Thanks for the chat!
Yeah, thank you too!  Have a great day!
Thanks!
Bye.
Hello My Friend! Do you like Football and avocado Ice cream?
Football is the best sport in the world. Everyone plays! The world cup is a special time around the globe.
It truly is! and its come a long way! In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
The bowlers knew the score. Football was not the game back then. Everyone loved bowling. It's about timing. Historical timing.
You are right and say it so beautifully. Since Football is a family of team sports there are so many different variations of footballs that are known as football codes such as Gaelic Football, Rugby, Soccer etc
The game of ball played with the foot. There are many forms, as many forms as there are peoples on this vast planet.
Yes! Too bad I never got into sports! I wish I would have. I prefer to read or paint, more in the Art area... yes Nerdy haha did you know that prior to 1963 it was not uncommon for kids in the US to read the bible as part of school. Thats awesome!
I guess that would work. Children should now about the world around them, and the world after.
Completely agree, couldn't have said it better
I think that the children look to teachers for knowledge, not just information, not just data, not just facts, but truth.
Yes, I'm still looking for truth. It seems like everyone is on some sort of spiritual quest at the same time, its quite beautiful. I can feel it. Even Brady! He has a best selling book and is on a spiritual mission, even all the material in the world cant keep us blindfolded and distracted. There is a whole other world/s out there.
I hope that the Brady tract can speed people on their journey to that truth. All seek, few find. Brady might be one of them.
Yes, Im going to look into that but I bet he is as many will be. We hear about it in the bible. Whihc did you know the bible is the best seller in the World (as it should be) in a total of 5 billion copies! 
That is many copies. I guess that it makes sense that there is demand for books that help us toward the light.
Yes, Its all around us I feel like. Life almost feels like "Once Upon a time" have you seen that series? like people living under a spell i cant explain it, but like a veil of sorts, cant explain it but its facinating theory. Like did you know that Apple only became known as Apple when the bible was translated into latin in the 4th century 
The apples is the start of our tragic existence. We must deal with our state of culpitude because of the apple.
Indeed, I wonder why Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only two presidents that did not use a bible at their swearing in ceremonies.
They did not want to swear allegiance to a deity. They wanted to swear allegiance to the Constituion.
That makes sense and an interesting way to see it... Is that what the other presidents do or what the bible is for? Im truly curious. 
I do not think so. It is tradition to use a Bible. I expect that it is unusual to not use one.
by the way, In latin the word Apple and evil are the same thing! That's pretty interesting and I get it now! 
Yes, true. Apples are good for health, bad for faith. Thank you for your chatting. Have a good night.
haha Thank you too! it was fun. Good night! Namaste 
How's it going, have you heard about the TB12 method?
Hi, no what is the TB12 method.
It's a book written by NFL QB that's about his training methods and diet
Is that the book written by Tom Brady?
Yes and he credits it with him still able to play football at 40
It might be worth reading because you certainly can't argue with success. Are you a Tom Brady fan?
No not really, I'm definitely not a devoted Boston fan
Do you have a favorite team?
Out of the 32 teams in the NFL my favorite is the Giants. You?
My sentimental favorite has always been the Rams because I grew up in Southern Cal. Needless to say I was disappointed with the last super bowl.
Yea that was a rough game, at least it wasn't as bad as Georgia Tech beating Cumberland 222-0
I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.
Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years
That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?
I find it pretty funny the University of Iowa would go as far as painting the visiting locker room pink
Yeah. But, if I was on the other team I would probably want to get back at them.
That sounds much worse than pink locker rooms
You know the saying he who laughs last laughs best.
Well I guess engineers laugh last since they make more in their lifetime than the average NFL player
That's a pretty amazing stat. But I can understand it because football player don't usually have long careers because of injuries.
Well I got to go, nice talking with you
Hello there, do you watch the NFL?
I am really not that into football but I do follow it some.  I heard something funny one time.  That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink
Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?
Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time
Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?
no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player
Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0
wow that is crazy.  Did you know tht the nfl uses tracking devices in players shoulder pads to track their movements
Yeah that is pretty cool. They are tracking velocity and rotation and all that fun stuff
yeah that is pretty interesting how they do that.  On a different note.  I found this that in 1963 it was not uncommon for students in the US to be required to read the bible as part of their education
Wow di not know that I am glad we have moved on from that. And Jefferson made his own version of the Bible. Wow
I heard that Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only two presidents that did not use the Bible at their swearing in ceremonies
I guess they were not religious. Wonder if Jefferson swore on his own Bible version without all the supernatural stuff in it
Yeah,that would be interesting to know.  They said an apple only became known as that when the Bible was translated into Latin
yes because the word malus means apple and also evil.
They say that the Biblical Tower of Babel is likely based off of the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.  I believe however that the Tower of Babel was destroyed so I'm not sure how that could be
I do not know much about it but if it still exists in Iraq that would be pretty cool. Do you know how many copies has the Bible sold?
How many?  I do know that is considered to be the most influential and best selling book.
Yeah it is and I believe selling 5 billion copies grants you that title
Did you know that the Bible is translated from Greek as "The Books"
Oh that is pretty cool. I guess it makes sense in  the broad term.
Hello there, do you watch the NFL?
The NFL? The National Football League? I thought that had been outlawed. Is it still in business?
Yeah the NFL is a really big deal in the US. Do you know how many teams are there now?
How many teams are there? Does each state have a team?
There are currently 32 teams and the game season is about 17 weeks, so lots of games there
17 weeks seems short. That's not much a work year. And a lot of vacation! Great job! I wish I had one.
Yeah that is a good point. I wonder why U of Iowa has a pink locker room for visitors
That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.
Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players
Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.
Yeah I guess, but even nowadays engineers over their lifetime make more money than football players
We need more "pink" engineers too. That is a better profession for breast cancer awareness.
Yeah I guess so. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
That would be a good way to raise breast cancer awareness. They could wear pink uniforms and stuff. 
Yeah that could be one way. Now they are also using tracking chips on the players during the games
I think that's a great to track which players are at risk for breast cancer. 
They actually check for velocity, rotation and such. I hope they can make the game safer too
Cancer is easier to treat if it is caught earlier. Football really is on the front lines, I can see.
Yeah it sure is. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
I have read it several times. Not much of a plot, but some interesting characters in the middle.
Yeah it seem that there is definitely a lot of history in there too.
Hi do you like to watch football?
I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role. 
Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?
Wow that's a good question, how many?
32. Did you know that the former running back, Benjarvis Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his whole NFL career?
I did know that how ironic that he a former patriot. they have good stock it would appear.
Yes it's pretty cool. It's interesting how  "football" means a different kind of sport in other countries.
I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.
That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer. 
In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.
How many weeks are in the NFL's regular season?
17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs
Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?
Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?
222-0. It happened in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland.
Wow i would have hated to be on the bus ride home. Did you know that espn won an award?
Yes that's an extremely high scoring game. No I did not know that! Did you know that in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?
Yeah i believe it was twice as much. ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed line for the first downs.
Did you know that an average lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player and an average MLB player?
Yeah but i still would rather do 10 and out with millions than 40 and out with the same.
True!
Hi, do you like football?
Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!
Do you know if they have female players?
Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league
Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?
That would be great but no woman has tried yet
I know right, but they only actually play 11 minutes in an actual game. That sounds a bit short! 
Yeah because of the breaks, half times and timeout and calls that the refs make.
I wonder how much money a player makes. Do you know?
It all depends on the contract that they negociate but it is usually in the milliopns!
Sometimes they play concerts at halftime shows. Do you like the super bowl halftime shows?
No, i usually change the channel during the half time shows haha
Do you like music and concerts though?
Yeah, of course but only if i am at the live concert not watching it on tv
Can you believe that the Ramones have played over 2,000 concerts in 20 years?
I believe it! Especially since linkin park played 324 in 2001 alone. Add that by 20 years!
A Creed concert was so bad that some goers filed a lawsuit against them! That sounds funny.
That's pretty pathetic if you ask me just get your money back and go home haha
Yup, that is why I do not go to these events. 
Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal
Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?
I haven't checked recently. Hey, i gotta go for now it was nice chatting with you. I hope you have  a great night.
Thank you, good night!
Good night
Do you follow the NFL?
Sort of. I'm not an avid fan but I know the basics of it. How about you?
I am a fan, not a diehard fan but I do follow the important games, do you have a favorite team?
I would say the Packers. You have to respect a team that can play outdoors in that kind of weather. 
Yeah they sure have a good team and get to play in harsh conditions, you know a game has about 11 minutes of gameplay, I guess ads take over the screen.
Yeah between the ads and the shows during halftime and the commentators it is more entertainment/concert than anything. 
I agree, thats why I prefer concerts like the one Linking Park gave in 2001, what a great concert
Linkin Park is an amazing band. There isn't a ton of synthesized music there so what you hear on the radio is what you get in concert. 
I agree and their first album was just great, they gave 324 concerts back in 2001, Im lucky that I went to one of them
That is an insane tour schedule. I wonder if it was all big venues or if it was some smaller ones. That has to take a toll on a person after a while. 
Thats about 30 concerts a month, like a concert for day if you take holidays out of the equation, I bet it was really harsh but made them a lot of money.
That's true. I wonder if that is the reason so many bands break up. That much time together is such a tiny space as a tour bus has to get one people's nerves
Yeah I know I would become crazy after a few weeks or months, maybe that's what happened with Creed, I went to one of their concerts and I did not enjoy it
I heard that people were suing them because of all the things that went wrong. How bad does a concert have to be for you to sue the band?
I know right? and I get them, I wanted to sue the band as well because the concert didn't meet my expectations at all.
They should take a page out of Pink Floyd's book and just record a live concert with no audience and then make the video available. 
I think thats a great idea, audience can be disturbing so that might help them although I think the band isn't together anymore
Lawsuits probably had something to do with that. Hard to keep a band together when the money isn't there and the band isn't performing well at all. 
I agree, so do you follow politics?
I really do. I think in this day and age with all the controversy it is important to stay informed. What about you?
I do like to follow politics, its important to know whats happening in the country, the decisions that are being made.
What are your thoughts on the colin kaepernick's dismissal of his complaint?
I'm not sure, I don't follow it that closely. Anytime there is an arbitrator it generally isn't favorable to the non-business side. 
very true! I support Colin's cause.
Interesting, I could care less what he is doing to be honest. I don't follow football. 
He has a very good attorney in mark Geragos.
I've never heard of him. Did you know the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads to record their moves? Seems crazy
How hi-tech of them! I wonder if all 32 teams use that technology.
I'm fairly certain they do. Seems like an immense amount of money to pay though. I wonder who provides the technology? 
Great question. If women played I would like to see the differences in their results. Women can play if they meet eligibility requirements. 
There were women players when Iwas in high school. Apparently the Foo Fighters played a concert so loud it showed up on New Zealand's Seismic Monitors. 
I love the foo fighters almost as much as i love linkin park. I saw one of their 324 concerts in 2001.
They are pretty good, have you ever seen them live? 

I have! They are much better than creed. Fans filed lawsuits in 2002 against creed for a bad concert.
Really? That is sort of surprising. I've never seen Creed, but there music does not seem all that complex to play. 

I was surprised about that too. Singers make a lot of money, but not as much as presidents. JFK, Washington, and Jefferson were quite wealthy.
Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious. 
I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!
I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out? 
Concerts are live so you never know what to expect!
Exactly! I've been to a bunch. Did you know Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration? 
Pretty cool for the 16th president! I hope he got to live in the white house guest house which is larger than the white house!
hi how are you? what do you think of the presidency?
I think it's accumulated way too much power and should be stripped of most of them -- especially the war powers and national emergency powers. How about you?
i think that the presidency is as good as the person holding it. a good presidency makes good use of the powers. a bad one abuses them. 
I don't think we should trust a good president with powers we wouldn't be willing to let a bad one have, because these powers always seem to ratchet upwards and never get decreased again.
Yeah, once the precedent is established, it is hard to go back. i am worried that the damage could be long lasting.
The last time presidential powers were reined in at all was after Watergate. We needed another process after the post-911 power grab IMO, but instead of reversing all those grants of power under Obama he kept accumulating power. And look who has it now.
Yeah, the next one will have these and more. i worry about wars going on in other countries. we dont hear much, but there is a lot going on. 
Yeah, the president's power to start wars is really scary. And there should be safeguards on the nuclear football too IMO.
Yeah, that would be bad if things got nuclear. that threat still exists.
I was really scared of what might happen back during the war of words between Trump and Kim Jong-un, when Trump was threatening "fire and fury."
Yeah, it is hard to reverse that kind of disaster. trade wars can be handled, but real wars...a different story.
I was afraid that he'd take advantage of war to declare martial law or something so he wouldn't have to worry about being reelected. Plus all those cities burning in Japan and Korea would probably trigger a mini nuclear winter.
Yes, it is hard to know what the limits of presidential powers are until they are tested. and congress refuses to impeach trump, no matter what. why?
I think the Democrats are afraid that if they tried and failed, they'd wind up losing seats in the next election. Trying and failing to remove Clinton hurt the Republicans politically.
Ok, that makes sense. i was bothered by the impeachment of clinton because i just didnt care that he had a mistress. too many serious problems in world to care about that.
That seems pretty tame compared to Trump's history of corruption and fraud and perjury.
Yes, those are serious crimes, and the involvement with Russia really bothers me. the cold war is not over.
And he's pushing for a right-wing coup in Venezuela.
He wanted to invade. WHAT? why? that is crazy. it is hard to invade a country. they need help, but an invasion? anyway, great chat!
I think there's another round to go.
Yeah, i usually start on turn 9. then we wrap up on 10. the server has been acting up, so I like to get in and get out. Too risky otherwise. Have a good night!
You too!
Hi do you know much about the presidents?
yes I know some stuff. Do you know who the wealthiest us presidents are?
Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson
Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house
Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why
Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
Yeah the guy has already released 3 albums, wow
Right? Do you know how the VP used to be elected?
Yes the runner up moved into the position of the VP, pretty nice
Yeah I think that is actually fair because they work a lot towards that as well
Exactly. Do you watch TV at all?
I sure do. Did you ever watch the Simpsons?
Yes I love that show. Did you know Bart did not appear in an episode
Yeah and the weird part is that he was not even mentioned in it
Yeah pretty strange. DId you ever watch that 70s show?
I did and I liked it but I guess it did not really take of in the UK as it got cancelled after 10 episodes
Yeah but they remade it verbatim so that I guess explains it
True, How about Pokemon?
I have seen some episodes but not all the 750 of them
Yeah they have been in the air for about 16 years , so long
Yeah that is amazing for them to be there for so long. 
Hello, do you have a favorite US president>
I am partial to rutherford b hayes. You?
Ah, mine is probably Lincoln for abolishing slavery.
THat's a good choice. Did you ever see Lincoln?
Well not in person, he died a century ago. However, I have seen him in books and on the interent.
HAHAHAHA! I meant the movie, Lincoln, with Daniel Day Lewis.
Haha, I was staring at that for a few seconds. Actually no,  I have not but I should go watch it now that I think about it.
It was really good. Got nominated for a bunch of awards. Of course everyone raved about DDL...
Ah. Did you know that Trump is now the wealthiest president of the United States?
He is? Wow, I thought it was like JFK... good to know!
Yeah, it was him but his wealth is tiny compared to Trump's 2.2 billion dollar networth!
Wow. That's surprising. It's also surprising knowing that there was a president called President Banana.
Wasn't he the very first president of Zimbabwe? That is a very odd nickname for you president!
Yes and yes! Although I could really see president carrot catching on...
Haha, the president of Indonesia has released a total of 3 pop albums while in office.
I feel like our president must be slacking then. They haven't released any! Slackers!
Haha, the guest house is actually bigger than the whitehouse itself.
The runner up used to become the VP.
Yeah, I am glad that they have changed that, Anyways, nice chatting with you!
Can you imagine Hillary and Trump in the same white house!
Haha, no I cannot! They would disagree on everything!
Yeah. It was great chatting with you!
Hey there what do you think about the president? I guess presidential duties depend on which country they are in charge of
I'm not a fan of the current one but I find presidential trivia interesting. Do you know who the top three wealthiest U.S. presidents were?
I know two of them are Washington and Jefferson. I know that Trump is not one of them. Who is the third person?
The third was JFK. 
I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha
President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?
No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?
I agree. No I did not. How did they change?
Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha
Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?
I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?
I love Stranger Things. I watch a lot of TV. Did you know that when South Park aired their Family Guy episode The Simpsons crew sent them flowers?
Haha I did see that episode. It was really funny. Yes I can't wait for the new season of stranger things. You know who I miss is George Carlin. He was taken too early from us
It was an amazing episode. I miss him too. Did you know that he did narration for Thomas the Tank Engine? They have had a lot of famous narrators. 
I think I heard about that. Ringo Starr, George Carlin, Alec Baldwin, what other show could have said that they have so many great celebrities doing voices haha
I'm quite surprised that they got such big names. Are you a fan of The Simpsons?
I do like the Simpsons a lot. There's Apparently one episode where Bart does not appear and they never talk about him haha. I need to check that out. Do you know which episode that is?
I do not. I'm surprised that there is only one since it has been on as long as it has. 
Yes I'm surprised as well. I wonder if there are other episodes that are missing other characters entirely, like Homer for instance. I haven't heard of them doing that though
I would be curious to find that out as well. Have you ever watched the Pokemon Cartoon?
I have seen that show. I used to love it as a kid. My favorite Pokemon is Pikachu! What about you? They also have about 750 episodes at this point don't they?
Hi!  Do you watch much TV?
Hi! I do watch a lot of TV. I also enjoy the internet as well and agree benefits of the internet are offset by it's largest drawback which is the acceptance of anonymity. What about you?
I dont watch as much tv, but I would say I do have a mild addiction to the internet.  I think anonymity is dangerous because people disassociate the fact that there is a real person in all of it and we forget how to treat people
Agreed. And there are consequences, especially for celebrities like Roseanne. Had she sent that Tweet out about Valerie Jarrett under am anonymous account, she would have never been fired from Roseanne.
Very true, but some people like Trump tweet all the time, as themselves, and no recourse is taken.  Well except for more internet outrage.
That is true. I suppose public officials like politicians can pretty much get away with almost whatever they want. Speaking of politicians, I still can't believe only one president has ever held a PhD and that was Woodrow Wilson!
That is kind of surprising.  I would have though more had that distinction.  But I really wasn't even aware he had one.  
Agreed. And it's almost as surprising as knowing the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR. It's like what is wrong with the candidates who run these days? Ha!
Besides everything?  I heard Nevada had an option on their ballot for neither of these candidates.  Wouldnt that be great?  If we dont like the selections, we can just vote to have a new group to vote for.
Agreed. Especially after knowing 5 presidents have been elected despite losing the popular vote. One even losing the popular vote by 10%. That is sad!
That is really crazy.  I wonder what other countries election procedures are like?
Good point. I wonder that myself! Maybe I can find out by watching a documentary on tv. Do you like watching tv? I love Shark Tank but it's surprising knowing most deals that are made are never enacted. 
I love shark tank!  I wonder why the deals fall through?  
No telling but it's worth looking into to find out! Do you also like the Simpson's? It's funny Homer held 188 jobs over the first 400 episodes. Ha!
I heard that but I can only ever remember a few.  Like the Power plant, and didnt he work for the beer factory too?
He's had so many, it's hard to keep track of. Ha! Did you also know Daniel Radcliffe voiced the a character on the Simpson's greenhouse of horror XXI which was the cartoon parody of Twilight's Edward Cullen?
No, I had heard something about Radcliffe doing something but I didnt know that was it.  That is near for sure.  Ringo Starr actually narrated 52 episodes of Thomas the Tank engine.
Did he really? I never knew that! Are you a fan of Shakespeare? I wouldn't mind seeing The Two Noble Kinsmen made it into a tv show or film since it's his only work that has never been adapted into either!
That is hard to believe, He has had so many works, I wonder why no one has ever picked up on that one.  
That's a good question. Hopefully someone will soon! Maybe we should call around and find out! Ha! Speaking of phones, Hedy Lamarr deserves a ton of praise for helping invent the cellphone, GPS and Wi-Fi back in the 1930s. Where would we be without her?
Wow, all the way back in the 30's?  It took so long to get all that developed!
I know and can't believe it took that long. We owe her a lot of thanks! Anyway, can you also believe there's basically no correlation between bars and connection quality? That surprised me! Well it was nice chatting with you today!
China sure has become a competitive country, what are your thoughts?
I agree, I can't believe China has a 375 billion dollar trade surplus with the US. That's crazy!
That is so much money, China is becoming a titan and it kind of makes me afraid, one of my concerns is the trade surplus and the theft of technology.
True, it is always scary dealing with other countries, but we do get a lot from China, and they buy 130 billion dollars worth of goods from us so sounds like we can have a thing if we can keep going with it. 
That is a good point, its mutually beneficial in the end, I think its the number 3 destination for our exports.
Definitely, and we are pretty safe because we are expanding our defense spending if they do try anything, We have several Asian allies so I think if we can all keep the peace will benefit us all. 
I think a war would end us all though, but its good to have allies and appear strong, I think thats one of the good things Trump has done.
Yes, we really need to stay on high alert at all times and hopefully Trump did sign the bill to produce more military ships from 280 to 326...but no doubt we have to keep on top of them.
I agree we need to show strenght and hope we never have to use it, you know Trump is not even on the top 3 of the wealthiest presidents in US history!!
We definitely do need to stay aware. He is not? Wow, that is surprising! Isn't president Trump a billionaire? I think the wealthiest presidents had a very good side job going lol
He's not! his guest house is bigger than the white house so I wonder why he's not on that list, seems like the other presidents are crazy rich then.
I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha, pretty crazy huh?
Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.
Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.
I know the feeling, last time I went to a concert it was 2002, the band was Creed and I was totally disappointed.
Oh no! Haha, I heard there was a lawsuit against Creed at some point for the show being so bad! I went to a small venue years ago to one of Creeds concerts and it was fantastic. But he was clean and sober by that time too.
I see in 2002 the vocalist was viewed as a total mess, I like the band and they have good songs, so much talent wasted.
Right! But when I saw Scott Stapp he was not Creed anymore it was him doing a solo career, he was pretty high and drunk for many years but he did get better. Speaking of concerts, The Ramones played over 2,200 concerts while touring non stop for 20 years! What a crazy life!
I know, thats a lot of concerts, its a shame I never made it to one, do you like The Ramones?
I like the Ramones but they are not a favorite. I like a few of their songs. I like Linkin Park a lot but didn't get to see them before Chester passed away.....they played over 300 concerts in 2001 alone, I should have tried to go to one then. I loved them, still do but its not the same.
Im still getting over Chesters death, so sad, the world of music lost a lot that day
Hello!  Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, George Washington, and Jefferson?
Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.
I believe so too.  Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election.  Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White House.
Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.
Yes.  There was once a president banana who was the 1st president of Zimbabwe!  lol
Isn't that a crazy name.  Also, the president of Indonesia makes pop albums.
That's something!  You wouldn't think he would have the time to do that while in office.
I know, Do you like to go to concerts?
I love them!  I like the small club concerts now.  I used to like the big ones that had big stage shows in the arenas.  But, not too many bands put on a big stage show anymore.
I know what you mean. Although where I am I see alot are coming throughout the year. Seeing a concert at the ancient Roman Amphitheatre.
That would be neat!  In 1972 Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at an ancient Roman amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience!
The sound must be very good there as well as interesting to look at!
Yes.  I agree!  There's another ancient Roman amphitheater in Croatia that they still use for concerts!
I'm sure that is interesting as well to see. The band Creed must have put on a bad show to have lawsuits against them in 2002. I don't know anything about them.
They must have really stunk the place up that night.  lol  Linkin Park played a lot of shows in 2001 - a total of 324!
That's non-stop touring. I would think it would be tiring.  The Ramones have played alot of gigs in a 20 year period.
How many gigs have the Ramones played during that span?
2,263, can you believe that?
That's a lot of shows!  That's something like a show every 3rd day over 20 years.  
I know, that's one band I haven't seen too. 
It was nice chatting with you today!
Do you like concerts? 
i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?
I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff. 
oh the sheds? The amphitheaters? Yeah, they are great in the warm months.
Yeah, like jiffy lube live is fun. Did you know that linkin park played 324 concerts? 
That is amazing! Those kids had a ton of energy! I bet the fans were ecstatic about that.
Yeah, that is pretty cool Too bad about the singer though. 
I heard that he committed suicide. i wish someone could have helped. they were a great band and have a best selling album of the century.
Yeah, too bad. Ever seen Creed in concert? 
No, but i heard some stories about their concerts. including legal action taken by fans. creed might have considered rehearsing a bit first.
Hilarious. I didn't think they were that terrible, but I've never seen them in concert to be honest. 
They should play at the amphitheater in Croatia. or the empty one in Pompeii.
Yeah, that they should. By the way do you watch football? 
I used to watch it a lot more. nowadays, not so much. You?
I watch it every year on Sunday at the bar. It is something to do. 
It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.
I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year. 
I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.
Yeah, I tend to think low scoring games are boring. Well, nice chatting with you!
Yes, it has been a great chat! Have a good day!
You too!
Did you hear about Aaron Rodgers?
Hi, do you like football?
Soccer or American football, i like them both. 
I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks
it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February. 
They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.
Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.
That is impressive, also you had asked about Aaron Rodgers, he became the highest paid player
Yeah four year for 134 million. wow. hard to believe at one time bowlers made more than top nfl players.
He has been the most valuable NFL player twice
Well he deserves it he works hard and he's the same age as tom brady so he doesn't have any excuses. 
He is very hopeful, he wrote a post on Instagram  were she shows he is very excited and looking forward for amazing memories!
The Packards were my favorite team. did you know there is no written rule which prevents women from joining the nfl?
That is so neat! I would to see that happen, but I do not think it will anytime soon
I think they should just make an all female league like the WNBA.
Probably a good idea, did you know there is only one left handed QB in the NFL?
That's all the nfl produced? Do you know who is it?
His name is Kellan Moore! Also there have only been two African American QB that have been winners in the superbowl
Really, wow! i know the huddle was originally invented because of a deaf quarterback. 
That is a nice beginning of the huddle, who was that QB?
His name was paul d hubbard. do you know baker mayfield?
That is so cool. Well it was nice talking to you. Have a good one
Hi how are you today?
Good.  Hopefully you are doing well too.  ARe you going to watch the NFL playoffs this weekend?  The 17 week schedule is completed.
Yes absolutely! I love football. Do you?
Yup.  Unfortunately my favorite team, the Ravens, were eliminated.  I guess that's what happens in a single elimination tournament.
The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.That would be wild.
I can't see it.  Maybe a kicker.  And they use tracking chips in pads to record the player's moves.
Yea they put microchips in a lot of stuff these days.
These are supposed to track the player's moves, as well as the ball's velocity and rotation.
All that and then  An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
That's crazy.  did you know that the first nfl playoff game was played in 1932.
Wow no I did not.
Yup, it was played on an 80 yard log dirt field.
The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.And now lol
That doesn't surprise me.  Most professional athletes don't play for very long.  Matt Patricia has a nice fall back career.  He is a rocket scientist.
True! That's very true and very interesting.
He actually graduated  from a school whose fight song includes some trigonometry terms. 
According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
That's strange for a democracy.  Did you know that there is actually a radio station that translates solar activity into sound?
Yes I heard about this also. Its been good talking to you.
You as well.  I hope you have a nice evening.
Thanks You too!
did you know that a deaf quarterback came up with the huddle? I guess it would block the other team from seeing his hand signals
That's an interesting fact. Do you enjoy football and the nfl?
Football is ok, I don't really like the NFL but I tolerate it, what I think is crazy is there is only 1 left-handed quarterback that plays in the NFL right now, I wonder if that gives him an advantage
Well the NFL has done a decent job as it is now recognized as among the 4 major sport leagues in North America.
yes that is true, they definitely are successful, I guess I don't get why so many people watch NFL games when there is, on average, only 11 mins of actual football gameplay in a whole game
It may because they put a lot of dedication into their profession. Did you know that nfl implant chips into player's shoulderpads to record their everymove to use their data for better plays and understanding of football? They even put them in the footballs themselves
that is interesting but also kind of creepy, I guess it's good for getting all kinds of interesting stats, hopefully they don't apply them to real life and start tracking normal people with that stuff
It is interesting how they are trying to track velocity, rotation, ball speed and location. I wonder how well they have implemented this new data. Regarding your opinion on tracking normal people, I agree.
ya, and I don't like that New Orleans cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as players, like I don't get why they can't do that, maybe in case of sexual harrasment? But that seems really stupid
I think that is more a new orlean saints problem than an nfl problem. In fact, the nfl has no written rule against female players
that is wild, do you think we'll see a female player in our lifetime? what is crazy is that the average engineer makes more in their lifetime than the average NFL player, you'd think that'd be reversed
Well I think that is because an average NFL player is active for far less than than an average engineer
that's true, what age do NFL players usually retire? I know they get problems with their joints and also brains potentially from all the impacts
I'm not sure, but those 11 minutes of gameplay sure take their toll, especially since they result in severe injuries
yes, it doesn't seem like a lot of time per game, now I know why I get bored watching football! there is literally not much action happening, it always seems to drag out forever espeically when a game gets near the end and they start using timeouts
Speaking of football, are you familiar with Alex Smith of the Redskins?
I have not heard of him no, I can't say I know a lot about football unfortunately
He is a rookie for the red skins that some feel will lead the new ear of running backs coming around the nfl league
ah interesting, well they should make sure to put the tracking chips on him so that they can study his moves and see how they can improve everyone else!
I agree he seems to be good all around with no real weakness in his game. From pass game to running the ball, even in protections, he is well versed.
What is his appeal? i know that there is only one left handed quarterback, and again maybe that gives him an advantage, what advantage do you think Alex Smith has?
Do you follow the NFL?
not really. I only watch the Superbowl every year. 
So you watch the Superbowl at the beginning of this month?
Yes. It was a lot of fun. I was with a big group at my workplace. Someone in the group won a lot of money & he was really happy. I had no idea that they put chips in the players shoulder pads. That is very interesting.
It is interesting I agree, specially because of all the cool stats taken out of them, the football alos has a chip. Technology is really cool
I am wondering what the AM radio station is to hear the sounds from Jupiter now!
I didnt know that was possible it must be amazing to tune in the radio and listen to the radio storms
It's very interesting. I think I had heard of "foxhole radios, but I had no idea that they were made out of razorblades & pencils.
I bet that chaged lifes back in war, did you hear about that latin news broadcast sation? its been around since 1989
That is really interesting. I guess that would be the only way to pick up latin or try to listen to it! I really like listening to other radio stations or music/DJ's from around the world. 
I head Pandora radio is a great service that can help you with that, do you subscribe?
No. I have simple radio. They have an app & you can also listen online.
Oh I see, so you dont have the app, 
I don't have the pandora app. There are so many music apps to listen to or have now.
I guess they are greay I have Spotify and theres like a radio segment in it as well. 
Yeah. It's really interesting that the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback. I'm not a big enough person to have ever played football. 
Me neither, it always seemed like a dangerous game for me, its a good thing QB have protection from the defensive line
Yeah. Also, concussions are a real thing. Maybe there should be some sort of chips in the players helmets as well.
They should that way we can really tell the impact of hits and the consequences on the long run
I'm surprised there aren't already. You'd think that that would also be as important (if not more important) than tracking the players movements through their shoulder pads! 
Maybe there working on a tech that can do that, changing the rules is a must in order to protect players. 
hi how are you doing today? Do you listen to the radio?
I do like listening to the radio - it is confusing to me how it works with the radio waves and the energy
The information is transmitted by shifting amplitude and frequency.
Yes - did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up on am radio?
yes, that makes sense. a storm is basically a giant burst of energy. that is cool. i wonder what they sound like.
I have no idea but I would probably prefer to listen to it rather than a Finnish program that broadcasts in Latin!
yes, that news program in latin seems an oddity that would only exist in finland. i wonder how many listeners there are.
I am not sure.  I wonder if it is on the website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio drama?
i doubt it, but i bet it is somewhere on the internet. those old radio shows had their charm. i should check them out.
Definitely I would love to hear War of The Worlds - that is a timeless classic!
that is a classic. i havent listened to that in a while. people were really scared. strange. 
Yes - did you know you can make a radio using a razorblade and a pencil?  WWII soldiers did it all the time
I guess those guys have the incentive to put something together in the foxhole. probably not listening to the news in latin though LOL
No doubt!  But would that be better than listening to Canadian music?  Radio stations have to play 40% Canadian music up there
i guess everybody in canada knows rush and neil young songs by heart now. yeah, the govt wants to protect its artists.
I think I am ready for football to start again.  Do you watch the NFL?
i sometimes watch. usually i try to watch the super bowl. You?
I am a fan - when I was a kid I wanted to be a pro player, because women are allowed, but it was not to be.
I think that women could make their way into the game. Anyway, great chat!
Yes - there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay - I might could survive that!
I dont think i would survive. 11 minutes of mortal combat? no way. Have a good day!
Have a great day!
did you know that Jupiter has a radio storm that you can pick up on a regular am radio?
No, I didn't know that. How interesting! I did hear that the sun's solar activity has been translated into sounds like music.
now I didn't know that, did you know that canadian law requires 40% of their music to be of canadian origin
Nope. I wonder what the other 60% might be. 
Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha
Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.
That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing
Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves. 
That is crazy, also wild to me is the circular huddle was developed by a deaf quarterback so that other teams couldn't read his hands signing
How interesting! I wonder how he would call the plays behind the offensive line to initiate the play. Since the QB has to call the plays.
That is a great question, I wonder if he just didn't and would just do whatever play they decided in the huddle, but sometimes they have to call an audible, so I just don't know!
There are some good QBs in football today. Since he is the mastermind on the field controlling the plays.Did you know that Russell Wilson is also a major league baseball player? 
I didn't know that, did you know that Baker Mayfield could beat his entire college at one-on-one Halo 3? I was amaizing at Halo 1 and 2 back in the day, I only kind of playled 3
What is Halo 1, 2, 3? I know Baker Mayfield is in the limelight...compared to Brett Favre and John Elway.
Well they are videogames. They're pretty old at this point, but I liked them a lot when I was younger. I don't really follow football, is Baker a professional player at this point?
Yes, young player. with a lot of hype. He plays with the Cleveland Browns. I believe it's his first year.
Ah I see, did you ever play video games? If you hadn't heard of Halo then I'm thinking maybe not haha, but I'm curious, I gave up videogames a while ago to play piano, it's been a couple years at this point
Oh, I love piano music. I cannot play, but can read music and struggle to play the notes. I don't play video games, but like to play some games online.
Ya you're not missing anything, I realized that all the time I put into video games, I could have put into music and had a useful skill out of it, so that is why I stopped playing, if you can read music that is almost half the battle haha
Reading music is one thing, making it come through my fingers is something else!  I'm sure you chose the better road with your music!!  Thanks for sharing, It was great talking with you.
Great talking with you, good luck with your music career, you can learn to play at any age!
Do you like football?
I do.  I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL. 
Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.
I'm wondering about that... Seems short.  I think it is true that the NFL has no rules against women playing.
I wonder if we will ever see a woman player.
I think so, probably starting with a kicker.  They will probably have chips in everything by then.
Right, I heard that now they have them in footballs and shoulder pads.
That's a far cry from making a radio from razor blades and pencils like the soldiers in WW I did.  How is that possible?  Admirable...
I know, I'd love to learn how to make one. I wonder if it would pick up Jupiter's storms? I heard they can be picked up by an AM radio.
Probably... Jupiter is so powerful... You could probably pick up Canada where 40% of the music is guaranteed to be Canadian.
Haha, I wonder what Canadian music I am missing. I only know of Drake, Justin Bieber and Celine Dion
I think Sarah McLaughlin is Canadian. She's great.  There is a website that has classic radio dramas -- that might be interesting.
Does that cost anything?
It's free... Speaking of free, QB Alex Smith quizzed out of his first two years of college - no tuition paid there...
And he started working on his master's degree before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft. Good to have a backup plan!
No kidding... He was a pretty good QB for the Chiefs too... I remember the circular huddle but I had no idea it was that way because of a deaf QB in the past.
Yeah, he did not want the other team to read his hand signals. Very interesting.
Times have changed.  QB's are now deciding whether to play football or compete with video games.  Such is Baker Mayfield's plight... 
Well I guess professional video gaming can be lucrative too. So he claimed he could beat anyone at his university on Halo 3.
I didn't realize it pays that much to be in the gaming world. I'm still wondering if, over the long run, engineers make more than the average NFL player.  I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it.
I think engineers manage their money better than professional sports players though. I wonder if Tom Brady is doing all right. It's good he did not give up on football in high school. They never started him as the backup quarterback even though they were doing terribly. Time to go look up some more football facts, this has gotten me quite interested. See you!
Do you like Football?
I am a big fan of the NFL - every fall watching the league get whittled from 32 teams to one ultimate winner - its great fun!
Yes it is!  You see Alex smith took so many AP tests that he entered college as a junior?
Yes and was working on a masters when he got drafted!
That's awesome.... love when these high paid proffessionals take their education seriously!
yes but in reality an engineer will make more in his lifetime than a nfl player
Yeah... but if they control their finances correctly they can make soooo much more!
That is true.  All for only 11 minutes of gameplay a week
LOL... yeah!  Now that is crazy that us as fans sit their for like 3 hours for that little bit of action?
Exactly.   Now if we could get female players into the game - that would make it more interesting
Yes definitely!  I could definitely see a female kicker in the league!
For sure.  But probably not for the Saints - they seem to be pretty anti-women
I saw that... i don't understand in todays day how they get away with that?
Yes cheerleaders should be able to continue eating in a restaurant when players come in
I agree.. or just make it whoever is their first does not have to leave!
That would make more sense!  I bet they want the tracking chips they use in the game used all the time
I am sure they do!  I wonder when other sports will start using those tracking chips?
Yes it does seem really helpful - I could see it working well in soccer
DEfinitely! Crazy Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback
That is strange considering how many lefty pitchers there are in baseball
So true!  Great chat... have a good one!
Hi how are you?
Im great, do you like Alex Smith?
I do not know much about him other than he played in Kansas City! Do you like him?
I do like him yeah, he is the QB of the Redskins and I think he's good
That is good. Crazy how the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live game play.
It does seem like a lot longer than that, did you hear about those tracking chips players have in their shoulders?
Yea they also put them in the footballs. As long as Brady didn't deflate the trackers out of the balls! Ha
I guessed they designed them keepin that in mind lol, well the chips in the shoulder are to track every move of the players in the field, cool stats
It is funny that the Saints players are forbidden from eating in the same restaurants as the cheerleaders.
That rule makes me so mad, the NFL shouldn't allow that, do you know who coach Matt Patricia is?
I do not. Who is that?
He is a coach and also a rocket scientist, the only one in the NFL, really smart man
Interesting! I didn't know the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than football players.
Yeah apparently they earn more without all the injuries associated with the sport and all the brain damage
That is true. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong you can hear them on am radio
No didnt know about those storms, do you listen to the radio a lot?
Not really much anymore. I definitely wouldn't if I lived in Canada since it is required to have at least 40% of the music played in Canadian.
I think its a good law, it promotes local talent so thats great, a lot of good artists have benefit from this I think
That is true. Do you listen to the radio a lot?
Not much, but I do listen to it on my way to work, there is also a radio station that translates solar activity into sound, gets boring after a while
That is crazy! Nice chatting with you!
It is, the radio just amazes me, how it works and how we use  it, its been nice chatting have a good evening.
Hi, do you follow the NFL much?
Hi there. I do follow the NFL from time to time. I did watch the Super Bowl as well, what about you?
I didn't get a chance to watch the SB. I figured that Tom Brady and the Pats would win. I heard it was a snore-fest.
Yeah it was pretty boring. It doesn't surprise me that the average NFL game only has about 11 minutes of Live gameplay. That seemed about right for the Super Bowl LOL
11 minutes? Plenty of time for commercials. I prefer games with flow, like basketball. On a per-minute basis, those NFL guys get paid a lot.
Yeah I agree with you. What do you think about the tracking chips that they use on the field? I know they get good stats, it's just crazy that that kind of Technology exist to me
It's good for understanding the flow of the game. Could help understand situations that lead to injury and concussion. Player safety is important.
Yep I agree with you. I hope they use those stats to help prevent the brain injuries that can happen. Do you like the New Orleans Saints by the way? You know how they treat their cheerleaders?
The cheerleaders really are at the bottom of the totem pole. Long hours, low pay, little respect.
No respect, I think it's weird that they have to leave a restaurant if a player enters, that's definitely something that is probably a relic from the past, do you know if other teams have the same rule?
I don't know. NO Saints must have had a problem with relations between players and cheerleaders to create a rule like that. No partying together. Something like that.
Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting
I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.
Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?
There is a WNBA, but the money is not as good. I don't have a favorite QB, but I did like Joe Montana and Steve Young.
Yes I like those guys. I also like Tom Brady personally, although I know a lot of people don't, he has some weird things about him like the fact that he's never eaten a strawberry before LOL. What do you think about Baker Mayfield?
Is Brady a vegan too? He probably has an allergy to strawberries. Baker Mayfield? Don't know him.
Yeah he was a quarterback for University of Oklahoma, he was also a major gamer, he was going to be a Pro Gamer instead of a football player, I guess he was really good at Halo 3, I was also really good at that game back in the day haha
I guess you could make money as a gamer, but the NFL is probably a great way to meet people and make cash.
Yep I agree with you. If you can make money in the NFL, you're probably better off doing that than playing video games LOL. Do you know the story behind the circular huddle?
I believe a deaf QB wanted to shield his hand signals from the other team. I was surprised by that fact, but I guess any one will skill can play the game. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
Yes I think the circular huddle is genius actually. That way no one could see the signs he was making, and that's could not read the plays that he wanted to do, have a great night by the way
Good morning!  Are you a football fan?
I am a football fan, 32 teams two devision, its a great sport
Yes!  Did you know that there is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL and that is Kellan Moore?
Only one in the whole league? is he a great QB?
I think he's a backup.  Baker Mayfield from the Browns once almost quit football to pursue full time competitive gaming.  That sounds like that would have been a scary gamble to take.
Yeah gaming doesnt seem like a rich industry or career path, pro football players must earn more money
Definately!   It pays more to be an engineer than an average NFL or MLB player because over a lifetime an engineer ears more than those players.
Well engineers work for a longer time, so it makes sense, did you hear about QB Alex Smith? I think his a great role model to follow
I didn't hear.  What did he do?
He took ap test in high school and entered university as a ujunior. he received a degree in just two years and then began working on a masters degree
Nice!  Good for him!  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB so the other players could read his hand signals?
I didnt know that, he left a legacy thanks to that, now all teams do it, I bet he didnt had that in mind when he implemented the strategy
No.  I would guess he didn't.  I wonder if we'll see a female NFL player any time soon since there's written no rule against female players in the NFL?
I think females are at a disadvantage.
I could imagine some of the hits.  I was thinking like a kicker or a punter maybe.  
Oh yeah, those can be good positions, I guess it can happen some day, 
I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.
That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips
Yes.  They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc.  Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.  
Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Steelers! 
They are a great team mine are the Patriots, I think they share a record.
Football fan?
Oh yes, I love Ronaldo and Messi ! Can't seem to have enough of them ! ;)
Ah, how about American football? DId you see the Bengals' loss Sunday?
Naah, I didn't - who were You cheering for ?
The Bengals. Dalton had a thumb injury that ended his season. Can you believe a thumb is that important? I caught it on the radio so I didn't really see it.
Yeah - thumbs were very important in our evolution :) lol, hey how can one (quarterback ) make the touchdown pass to himself ? I mean... how ?
Maybe it's time for a woman to step in and take over as QB? The NFL has no official prohibition against women quarterbacks.
Do You think it's a good idea ? Are they physically ready ?
There's the rub. There's only 11 minutes of live gameplay so it's not like they're benching 500lbs for 2 hours straight.
I guess You're not looking for an actual conversation here, just copying the subjects from the article... are You not afraid they will reject our work ?  
Article? I was discussing football. Guess the Bengals will have to start Driskel.
I asked You if You think women are ready for that game ? like physically ? I guess You've missed that question...
Possibly, They should probably protect their thumbs though. You never know what could get injured.
With all the money invested in that game, do You think they would risk to out women into the field ? I mean can they be as strong or fast ?
Some might. ALl you have to do is meet the eligibility requirements. If a woman could meet those then why not?
Like I said - I wonder what the investors would say if they would see woman in a team they invested millions of dollars...
It's enough of a novelty that it might work. ALl the money's at the top. An engineer earns more in his/her lifetime that the average NFL player.
Engineer ? Really ? I saw some numbers how much NFL players earn... little hard for me to believe in that...
Not everyone in the NFL earns the giant paydays and not all play for that long. If you're Colin Kapernick you may get kicked out earlier than you want for your activism and lose money there too.
I guess You're right... Mr. Kapernick  better start training to be an Engineer ;)
Good money there.
What do you think of Eli Manning?
He seems like a nice guy. He's had a long and pretty good career until recently. 
It seems his most likely replacement, Kyle Lauletta, got into some serious trouble, almost running over a cop and other things.
Oh wow! I did not hear about that. Has he been charged?
Yes, the Giants have seen better days.  They were 1-7 when it happened. 
Yeah they certainly fell off in their performance in the last few years. Do you enjoy football?
Yes.  It looks like the Giants have another alternative in 31 year old Alex Tanney but he has limited experience.
I have not heard of him. Hopefully he can bring the team back to where they used to be. 
It's nice that after Lauletta's arrest, RB Barkley stick up for him as a good man.  
Hopefully it was just one mistake and not representative of his character. Speaking of QB's, are you familiar with Alex Smith?
Yeah, he's the smart guy that took so many AP tests that he started college as a junior. 
Yes he did. He was actually working on his master's when he was drafted. That's very impressive. 
Yes.  I think it's odd that Kellan Moore is then only left-handed QB in the NFL.  You see so many left-handed pitchers in MLB.
Oh wow! You would think there would be more but when I think about it I don't remember seeing a QB throw with his left hand. 
Me either... The circular huddle is common though.  It started because of a deaf QB so the other team couldn't read his hand signals.
I would think it would be very difficult to be a deaf QB. You couldn't hear play changes or calls in your helmet and you'd think you'd get sacked more. 
Yes, that must have been a long time ago.  Did you know WW I soldiers made  radios out of razor blades and pencils?  
I did not. I had no idea you could make a radio with so little. 
All I know is that I would probably just end up cutting myself.  Back to football, it's interesting that the NFL has not rules against women playing.  Go for it ladies! 
I agree. I see no reason even with the size difference why they could not play.
Sure.  Why not?  Thanks for the chat!
I was disappointed to hear about Kyle Lauletta's arrest. 
What happened?
He almost ran a police officer over with his car outside of New York City. 
Thats right, he was pretty resistant and disresptectful too right?
Yes, I heard that he gave them a hard time. I was glad to hear there was no mention of being intoxicated, though. 
I wonder how the Giants are going to discipline him?
I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team. 
I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli
I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old. 
The Giants have done so poorly this year. It is such a surprise!
Seriously! A 1-7 record is terrible!
I can understand why OBJ is so frustrated!
I hope they do better in Week 10
They have too many talented players, it is time for the coach and Eli to go in my opinion.
Agreed. Despite the arrest news, I think Lauletta will do well for the team. 
I haven't seen much of his play but he deserves a chance to play right now.
It couldn't get any worse and their only other option for QB is Tanney. 
Eli's job may have been saved by the fact they have won their last couple of games. 
I wouldn't be surprised if he retires soon, anyway. 
I was never a big fan of his, I never considered him to be a good QB despite his SB wins.
I am not a fan, either. Time for some fresh talent!
I hope they lose this week...lol!
Do you think the QB is the most important plater in a football team? 
Well, he calls all the plays and touches the ball on almost every offensive play. So, I could see him being the most important player.
Yeah the QB is involved in every offensive play, they are protected but the offensive line, so a good QB will always need a good offensive line as well
That's so true.
Do you know who Tom Brady is? 
Yes, I know the GOAt, New England Patriots Quarterback.
Yeah the goat, the same one, well he used to be on the bench when he was in his high school team, his team lost a lot of games and the coach didnt know about the talented soon to be hall of famer QB he had in his rooster
What a fool, I bet people still make fun of that coach to this day!
I agree, I bet he regrets not putting Brady on his team, that guy wouldnt recognize talent even if it hit him in the face
On a different note, did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up  and heard by an AM radio?
No I didnt know that, wonder what station, the radio is a great invention, 
Yes, it is.  I read in Canada it's a law that at least 40% of the music played must be Canadian. Have you heard about that?
I  havent heard about that law but seems fair, I like it, that way you promote local talent, there are some talented artist in Canada
I can honestly only think of Celine Dion, Shania Twain, Justin Bieber.  Is there any others?  Lol
Yeah theres also Drake and I bet a couple more lol, there is also this cool site with drama episodes for free
I had heard about that site, classic radio dramas you can listen to for free.  Just how I want to spend my spare time. Lol
There is also a latin news channel in the radio, that seems a bit boring, 
Lol, wonder how many listeners it has?
It must have at least some fans, the show has been around since 1989 so it must be popular,
Oh my goodness, I did not know that!
Yeah sounds boring to me, I dont  understand a word of latin 
Do you like Football? 
I do but I would rather go to the live games than watch it on TV.  Do you like Radio?
Sometimes I listen to it, but mostly via internet. 
Yes, there's definitely radio on the Internet. Radio technology isn't that new but it is fascinating. Radio waves carry information such as sound by systematically modulation the properties of electromagnetic energy was transmitted through space such as amplitude, frequency, phase, and pulse width.
Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL? 
Yes, that is unusual probably. Did you know that Baker Mayfield (University of Oklahoma QB) once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming and claims to be able to beat anyone at his school  one-on-one in Halo 3?
No, i didn't know that. The NFL puts chips in players shoulder pads, were you aware with that? 
Yes, so they can track the players moves. They also put tracking chips inside the football as well.
Oh, that is pretty cool. I wonder what they do with all of that information? 
I''m sure that it will give the players more game play time. Since the chips inside the footballs track velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location. That probably allows extra time for play since the  coaches, and all the other measurements that happen during football games will be more automated. That should free up some more time.
Do you listen to the radio? 
Yes, everytime I get into my car I do. I listen to Pandora that gives me all kinds of music depending on my mood and playlist.  I've heard that you can even listen to old news programs on special stations. For instance, since 1989, a Finnish radio station has broadcasted a "Nuntii Latini" program in classical Latin.
Soldiers used to build them out of a pencil and razorblade. 
yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.
Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio? 
Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.
Interesting, have you heard them? 
No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.
Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas. 
Me neither but I like to investigate old school.  Old school is interesting.  As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other team could not read his hand signals?  That's cool old school!
Interesting, well, nice chatting with you!
You as well, have a good one.
Hi, do you watch football
Not really, just the halftime shows.  I know Joe Namath is still my favorite QB though.
he is mine too.  i also like watching half time.  Haha
I hear Kellan Moore is the sole left-handed QB in the NFL.
Yeah, that fact surprised me because I thought that there are at least 2 left handed quarterbacks.
Huh?  The huddle was developed because of a deaf QB who had to use hand signals for plays, so the others gathered around him.  I believe it was a Notre Dame.  There was a movie about it.
It sound a bit odd, but it works wonderfully so far because it is the best way to avoid your calls being heard by the other team
I agree.  I've heard the name Mayfield but I think it's a bit early to say he's another Favre or Elway.
I think his potential is there.  But I am a touch worried that his attitude is like Favre' s.
Well, the QB is the 'leader' of the offensive team.  Lots of entitlement goes with being the 'leader'.
Exactly.  Being a quarterback of a nfl team is not an easy task at all.  They must have leadership skill in addition to their football skill
So, I've heard one QB threw a touch down pass and he threw it to himself?
Yeah, it was Nick Fole, the quarterback of Philadelphia Eagle in the Super bowl last year
Wow!  I can't see radio being a good medium to follow a football game.  You?
I agree with you there because it would be a very boring way to follow this game.  Btw, did you know that soldiers in WWII used only razorblade and pencil to make a radio
I heard that before somewhere.  I wouldn't know how  Did you know Bing Crosby song filled more than half the radio time for recorded music in 1948?
For that fact, I have no clue whatsoever.  Btw, did you know that our am radio is able to pick up signal of a Jupiter radio storm?
No!  I do know there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound which means you can listen to the sun's music live!
Technology enables us to do so many fascinating things.  And I hope that we will live on the Moon in the near future.  What do you think
I don't know.  I know nobody from the NFL will be playing in that gravity though!
Neither do I.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your holiday
Hey you too.
bye
Bye.
see you
Not anymore!
Aaron Rodgers the highest paid player in the NFL
Did you know Aaron Rodgers has already made 80 million dollars this year?-Even though he missed nine games last year because of his broken collar bone!
I didnt, he will also make $176 million on the next 6 seasons a sweet bonus
That's crazy! I'd love that kind of dough :)
I  would love that too, I would settle with the $500,000 workout bounus lol, a lot of money
Yeah- he beat out Matt Ryan as highest paid player in NFL. Ryan's deal was like $150 mil with the Falcons
Wow, thats a lot of money, he will be 40 in 2023, he was first chosen by the Packers, great choice
Sure- if he keeps this contract he would have been with Green Bay for his entire career
I think the new deal is better for him, he has a guaranteed 98.2 million dollars from it
I like how he's so flippant about it, like on the radio (ESPN) he was like, If nothing gets done, great, if something gets done, great also" lol 
Probably not the best phrase lol, Brett Favre was a great QB. Rodgers had to wait for 3 seasons until he had the chance
Right MVP twice, right? No wonder Green Bay has such a good record - they really know how to pick em!
Twice, that is right, great QB, another great player is Kirk Cousings, he once rejected the option to join the Vikings for $90 million 
Wow! Did you know Baker Mayfield almost quit football to become professional gamer? lol
I didnt know that lol, has he any good? good thing he stayed in football
I think it was just college ball...but apparently he's really good at Halo lol
Oh, I wonder if gamers make as much money as pro football players, lol, do you know who Alex Smith is?
Redskins QB?
Yeah, that one, well, he took so many ap tests in highschool he got his BA in just 2 years
Wow! One smart dude. I read somewhere an engineer makes more in their lifetime than a football player. I guess he could do both (if his degree is in engineering that is)
I bet that too, he is a really smart guy, also has a masters degree so maybe its related to engineering
DO you like NFL?
Yes I do. DId you hear they are placing chips on the players now?
What for? I imagine that is when they are playing
Yes during the games to track velocity and rotation and such
Nice I wonder if they can use that to make the game safer
Me too. Did you know Matt Patricia is an astronaut turned coach?
Wow that is such a huge career jump for someone
Yeah it is. do you know when the first NFL game was played?
Not sure of that but I know it only has 11 minutes of gameplay
Wow that is it? The first game was played in 1932
Cool it has been around for a while. DO you like BRady?
I like him yes. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB
Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started
wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there
Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?
Wow that is super fast, how did he manage that?
smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school
wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass
I did not even know such a thing is possible at all
I know right? Do you listen to the radio much?
I sure do from time to time, and you?
Are you a fan of the NFL?
Hello there, I sure am, although my team failed to make the playoffs this year.  How about you?
Which of the 32 was your team? Mine failed too, it was the vikings
Oh geez we have sure had our good games in the past!  You guys had our number this year, I'm just east of you in the land of green and gold. 
PACKERS! NOOOO!! kidding, i like rodgers he is probably my favorite quarterback
Yeah he has gotten a bit off his game the last season or two, I was a huge Brett Favre fan to be honest, loved the way he played the game, he had some good games for you too, should have beaten the Saints that year with the whole bs over paying to hurt him. 
for sure Favre was awesome! that was terrible! You know who else was a good quarterback in the same draft class as Rodgers, Alex Smith
Yeah it really was, I thought that was crap. And yeah it sounds like Alex Smith is a very smart guy. 
Yea, I think he took so many AP classes in high school he graduated his sophomore year and kept going from there. Then was the #1 pick!
Wow, that is very impressive, sounds like he could go into any field that he wanted. 
For sure, football probably made him to most, unfortunately he got heard. He should have become an engineer and made more money over his lifetime then most players
Yeah that is truly the risk of the pro career, it could end at any time, its not the same as a lasting career of a trade per say. 
For sure, valid point. Speaking of the saints, do you hear how they treat their cheerleaders?
Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me. 
Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights
Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?
say whatttttt? I wonder if women know that, there has to be one or two that are capable. 
I think it is just there is not system in place for them to work their way up, no high school or college women's football teams. 
that is true, I think there is a female kicker that may be making it in the next couple years, I am rooting for her. It was so nice chatting with you?
Yeah same here, I think it would be so cool if a female player made a pro roster.  Good talking as well!
There wasn't supposed to be a ? after that, It was supposed to say good chatting with you!
HI, how are you?
I am Ok. Are you familiar with Bill Polian, Hall of Fame executive?
I am, I heard he said Jackson will not be a good quarterback, did you watch him play yesterday?
Yes, I know that he is a young Quarterback, but either of the teams played well, my opinion.
I do not think so either, but he was on track to have the worst statistical game for a QB ever. he is young, but he needs a lot of work
Yes he does. Do you think he will be the starting quarterback next season?
for sure!
I didn't know Bill Polian as general manager had a record of four straight Super Bowl.
He must have been the Bills GM then! i know they went to four straight!
I had  no Idea, I guess because I was so focus on Pittsburgh my team and New England Patriots.
did you know the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of game time!
No, how is that possible when an actually game ls hour, but it last 3 hours at the most. 
Yeah they have a lot of commercials, and the clock runs in between plays I guess!
Oh, What do you think about the Carolina Panthers and their Quarterback?
I think he is good, and very athletic, some QBs are smarter than others though, Alex Smith took so many courses he started college as a junior!
Don't you think their Quarterback was more of a showboat. I prefer easy going player, and good player, but not both. 
I think he is a bit, but he works hard for that right!
Yes he did, I think he was hurt most of the season, but didn't want to come out and say. He hid it as long as he could.
Yes, which while it is admirable, is not smart to do. He may have hurt his team ultimately
You are right, I didn't know Polian lead the Colts to a SuperBowl. This person did a lot for NFL.
He sure did, and even if he lost them, making 4 straight superbowls is outstanding!
It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton
Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.
He was having one of his best seasons so far
Maybe Jeff Driskel will be able to do a good job.
It's doubtful, he doesn't have much experience
Driskel did get two touch downs after coming into the game.
I think Tom Savage will do a little better for them
Driskel stated that he's always known he could play really well.
True, he just doesn't have much experience, but having AJ Green back should help.
The medical team said they will likely get Andy back at the start of next season.
yea that'd be great for him
AJ Green had been out with a toe injury as well.
Yes, he should be coming back this week though
The Texans picked up Dalton in 2014 when he was 28 years old.
No, Dalton was drafted by the Bengals in 2011
You are correct! He came from TCU in 2011.
Yep, he's been their quarterback ever since
Dalton also has completed 61.9 percent of his passes.
He's having his 2nd best year ever this year
What was his first best year?
He had his best year in 2015
Do you watch the NFL?
Yeah, my favorite team is the Chiefs.  Did you know QB Alex Smith quizzed out of his first two years of college with AP tests?
Wow, I did not know that, he must have been really smart. Then became the #1 pick for your chiefs!
I don't recall that.  I do know we have a great young QB in Mahomes.  He's not left-handed like Kellan Moore, the only lefty in the NFL. 
For sure, he is a star in the making. Kellen Moore not so much lol. My favorite lefty was Michael Vick!
Oh, yeah. I live in ATL when he was happening.  I can't believe an NFL QB would quit football to go into video gaming (Baker Mayfield). 
Right, I think he thought about quitting the sport to video game. I would have beat him in Halo 3 though one on one for sure!
Ha.  I guess there would be fewer injuries.  I didn't know the NFL didn't have a rule against women playing.
I didn't know that either, I think my ex girlfriend could have played.  Are you a fan of the saints?
I like Drew Brees.  I played in HS and there was a lot of standing around but only 11 minutes of gameplay?
right, what a waste of money to go to a game lol. I heard the cheerleaders for the saints have to leave anywhere when the players come, kind of sexist i think
Doesn't seem fair.  I wonder if they track the cheerleaders with chips like they are putting in shoulder pads?
I bet they do. They are probably made by engineers who make more money than players in their lifetime
I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils?  Wow. 
lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!
Ha. I would just end up cutting myself.  I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.
Ha for sure me too! I heard am radios can pick up their radio waves, that would be spooky!
It is made for SiFi... Canadian laws make their stations play 40% Canadian music.  Do they have that much playable music?
I don't think so lol, the only canada music I know is bieber and no thanks! Good chatting with you!
I agree.  I would rather listen to a website with classic radio dramas.  Thanks, you were great.
You too! bye!
Hello, do you like football?
Of course. Who doesn't right?
Yeah its a popular sport.  I recently found out that the NFL uses tracking chips. 
Ya to track players and in the footballs too
yeah pretty smart.  Its tracks speed, location, rotation and some other stats. 
I wonder what they use the data for
I have no clue,  maybe on how they could be faster, or throw better.  Thats my guess. 
I hope it goes towards reducing injuries leading to early retirement
Yeah that would be a good idea too!  Football players do encounter a lot of injuries. 
Probably is the reason why considering average lifetime earnings, an engineer is paid higher than players
yeah thats crazy!  In the 60's top bowlers earned more than football players lol
Man times sure have changed
I know right,  we dont even have to leave our homes to rent movies anymore!  Its really convenient. 
Did you start using it when netflix started streaming?
I started using it when they only mailed out dvds lol that was awhile ago.  
Well going back to football, I'm always surprised how the average game is only 11 minutes of real play
Yeah thats interesting,  it takes like 3 hours just to get through that 11 minutes lol Fun to watch though. 
I personally sometimes enjoy watching those edited shorts of games unless I am watching it live
I hear the new orleans cheerleaders cant eat at the same restaurants as the players. 
Ya what an out dated and stupid rule. I mean even if they came first, they have to leave.
Yeah thats really rude.  Its been great talking to you,  have a good one. 
Hello! How are you today?
Hi I am very good. How about you?
I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?
Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?
I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you? 
Yes I did for a years but not anymore. Did you know there is no written rule about women being in the NFL.
I didn't know that, I wonder if we will ever see a girl tryout? It would be nice to see a woman quarterback.
Yes I think so too but I really cant believe it hasnt happened yet!
Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay during a game?
Wow thats amazing. But yet the games take 3 houres! Wow
I guess it's worth it right? haha who knows. I think the NFL has come a long way with their technology!
Yes they sure have they use tracking chips and all in their helmets and shoulder pads thats wild
I think they track the velocity of the ball, speed, and location too! I wonder what they use the data for!
They record every play made on the field. Its amazing!
Do you have a favorite quarterback? Did you know Baker Mayfield almost chose not to pursue the football route?
No I couldnt tell you a single quarterbacks name. What team does he play for?
The Cleveland Browns. They are terrible. He maybe should have been a proffesional gamer instead haha.
LOL That is a team You dont really here much about. I think its cool the huddle was invented by having to help a deaf player.
Yea it was for Paul Hubbard! That man is a hall of famer so that is awesome!
Yes It has been good talking to you.
And you as well! Have a great night!
hi do you watch the NFL?
I sure do , did you know women can play too?
Yes as there is no rule that does not allow them if they qualify
Yes. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of game play in a game?
Yes crazy since it takes forever for the game to end with everything else in between
Yeah I know. Engineers make more money than NFL players over the lifetime
Yes but I guess they have longer careers too so maybe that is why
Yeah that is actually a good point, it makes much more sense
did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yes them not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players
what is up with that rule, and worst, they have to leave mid meal too
Yes it is sexist and it really needs to go
Yes I agree. Did you know they are using chips on the players now?
Yes they are tracking velocity and speed and all that stuff
I wonder if there is a way to use that data to make the game safer

I hope so too. Do you like rap music?
Somewhat. I like the old stuff from like Tupac and Eminem
Yes me too. Tupac's music is in the library of congress for cultural significance
Yes. Did you know Eminem wanted to be a comic book artist?
Yes he seems to really like spiderman of all the superheroes
Yeah but he sure did well with music  too
I guess the NFL protests have been a source of contention for more than a year now though you don't hear a lot about it this season. 
I remember hearing about it at the start of the season, watching to see if any teams or players (including my fantasy players) would stand or sit or kneel or whatever.  I have Kenny Stills and he took part in the protest, at least at the start of the season.
It is sad to me that so many completely misunderstand what the players are trying to do. Many dissenters of their actions used their peaceful attempt to bring injustice to light as a false call for patriotic awareness.
It seems to me that the true purpose of the protest is lost.  What is it about?  The concept of bail set pre-trial?
It covers many areas in my view. Overreach by law enforcement, in-proportional handling of blacks by the courts and many others. I am a product of the 60s and fully understand their frustrations  
Is there a specific policy change sought, or do you think it's too complex for anyone to hope for a clear resolution?
I think that they just want a complete reassessment of the criminal justice system. It is a situation that will not be solved by me but requires the efforts of a great many of us acting in concert. Everyone has their own views I suppose. Like Rap music, I abhor it but am greatly outnumbered by fans.
Well, that seems too nebulous and abstract for us to expect any resolution anytime in the near future.  And I think if that's what they're really after, standing for a minute before a football game is not enough to move it along.  I feel outnumbered too, but it's really hard to fight for a cause without a specific goal.
Yes it is, and the problem is exasperated along racial divides. Minorities are more apt to react with distrust. I have never understood why the anthem is played before a sporting event anyway. Even when I was a boy I thought that it diminishes it's message.  
I don't like the proposed solutions within the NFL, with nonbinding vows and waived fines and such.  It seems messy.  When else do we sing the National Anthem in the US?  I can only think of presidential debates.  When do you think is appropriate?
I agree that the NFL lacks approriate leadership in this area. If they had taken a firm stand either way it would have had an effect on the protests. I think that the anthem should be reserved for government functions only and that the Pledge of Alliegence should be limited to those taking office.
I would disagree.  The Anthem and the Pledge are important ways we as a people build our cultural identity.  It should be a source of unity in our diversity.  Do you think national identity and unity are important?
I do. But is that National identity to be forced onto us by reciting a script of words or is the realization of individual rights more important? Are we a country that subscribes to those rights or are we a nation of mindless followers? Sorry, I don't mean to preach,
No offense taken.  Ideally, the lyrics and the script should reflect the rights we hold in common.  I'm curious, which words or phrases do you think are inappropriate?  Are there any that relate to the core of the protests, about bail or law enforcement disparities?
From the constitution: All men are created equal. That is a statement that has been shoved aside too many times. Minorites, the poor or disadvantaged are purposely overlooked by many in our government.
Agreed.  But isn't that a reason to better emphasize and adhere to things like the Pledge?  "... with liberty and justice for all".  Or the Anthem: "the land of the free".
Only if those same words are believed in and adhered to by everyone, including those in power. However we have digressed from the football subject by a huge amount. Do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl?
hahaha.  I like talking about subjects of weight more than a non-sequential party.  I agree, and I would postulate that a better protest would be to raise the volume and put action behind "land of the free" would be more educational and effective.  I enjoyed (in retrospect) when Brady beat the Falcons a few years back.
I would agree but I hate the Pats, too much drama and accusations. I think this year I'm hoping for the Saints.
Oh I hate them too ... Brady and all.  I thought it was impressive for the Pats and sad for the Falcons.  I like Matt Ryan and I love Drew Brees!  I guess I love QBs
My fav is Russel Wilson but I live in WA state. My friend I have thoroughly enjoyed chatting with you. It is a great pleasure to find someone who can spar verbally with intelligence and insight. Kudos to you! 
Likewise.  I enjoyed it as well.  I'm going to go watch some bowling to calm down now.
HaHa. I'll take a walk.
Good deal.
Huh, that's interesting! Your thoughts?
Hello,  how are you?  Did you know The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
Thats so weird considering an game can go for 3-4 hours. 
The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.
yeah thats so surprising! New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
Kinda sexist... Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Thats really interesting!  Before he became a rapper, eminem's true dream was to become a comic 
HAHA! Nothing exudes comedy like Eminem!
In 2001 a michigan judge delivered her ruling in the form of a rap when trying a suit filed against rapper eminem
Korean rappers invented a new type of freestyle, it's called "compliment battle".
That makes sense.  Koreans have so much rules with music,  they cant sing about anything negative and for awhile they had to have songs about their country lol
Seems strange that the university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
yeah,  must be something kind of strategy. 
The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0. You gotta pul the QB, right?
Thats huge score! Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
Good for them!  
Same with bowlers... In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
That's seems unfair to football players lol 
Nice speaking with you
Hi!  Do you follow football?
Sorry, I can't say that I do,I'm familiar with the big stories , but that is it.
That is about how much I know, just the basics, and some fun trivia.
I used to live in DC son kind of know the Redskins, but Alex Smith is new to me, is he the quarterback?
Yes.  He took so many AP classes in high school he entered college as a junior, he started working on a masters then.
Now that is impressive, you have this impression of sports players as jocks, but he transcends that stereotype.
He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.
Do you go to football games?  I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.
Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games.  There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway
I think that is what puts me off, I really don't have time to sit in front of the TV for three hours, and then for only 11 minutes of play.
It is hard to find time for that, I dont know how some people do it all day, on a weekly basis.
I guess some people listen to games on the radio, difficult to see how that works.
Ive done it traveling, youve got to really know the team and all of the players names.  It was so much harder.
Do you have a favorite NFL team.  Like I said, I lived in DC for a while so kind of follow them.  Now in northern Ohio, the Browns are a difficult team to support.
I feel you there, living in Florida here.  Dolphins are hard to root for and feel proud.
It could be worse, I read about this team that lost 220-0.  It would be hard to watch to the end.
That would be really hard.  GA tech sure did dominate that game.
They probably have some plaque in the locker room to commemorate it.  I  hear one team paints the opponents locker room pink, seems a little childish to me.
It does, plus it is that kind of toxic behavior that makes simple things like colors bad.
The money these pro players get now is huge,  funny to think pro bowlers made more than footballers back in the sixties.
Thats wild.  I wonder what the pay was back then?
Probably not much for either of them.  
Yeah, nothing like it is today.  Way too much imo
Nice chatting with you, have a good evening.
Hello, Lets talk about Football. There is a locker room at the university of Iowa painted Pink
That is weird. Do you happen to know why that is?
That locker room is used for visiting teams, maybe it was done to play with their mind before a game. 
Ha! That could be it. They probably did to throw the visiting team off their game. That makes perfect sense.
Back in the 1960's football stars used to make less money then bowlers. 
Wow!! I didn't know this but I bet that is not the case these days, football players make way more than bowlers now, right?
I would think so. The creation of the yellow first down line won ESPN and emmy
That is very nice. I think this Emmy was well deserved because people could see where the actual first down was because before it was a guessing game.
Georgia tech hold the record for highest scoring game in 1916, they won with a score of 222
Wow!!! Who did they beat up that badly, do you know?
Yes they were up against Cumberland who ended the game with a score of 0
That is too bad for them, I guess Cumberland just made an appearance to the field that particular day. Ha Ha!!!
Lets talk about Radio next. There are radio storms so strong on Jupiter that then can be heard on am radio. 
That is a very interesting. Thanks. Did you know that radio systems need an antenna to convert electric currents into radio waves?
i did not , if you want to listen to old classic radio dramas, there is a website dedicated to that. 
Thanks. Do you happen to know the name of the website that does this?
I do not. Back in WW2 soldiers made radios out of razor blades and a pencil. 
Wow!!! I guess they were very creative in making radios to communicate with each other.
In Canada they have a law that all radios must play at least 40% Canadian music. 
I didn't know this. Thanks. Did you know that a radio receiver receives its input from an antenna and then it converts it into a form that is usable for the consumer?
interesting. There is a weekly radio broadcast in Finland that is conducted entirely in classical Latin. It was nice talking to you today. 
Hi, how are you tonight? Are you interested in football?
Hey there I do like football. If you want into a locker room and it was painted pink, would that make you play better or worse?
It would make me angry and play harder to show the other team that their little trick hadn't work. I ain't no pacifist! Grrr!
Haha I'm with you there. I can't believe the University of Iowa did that to the opposing team LOL. Have you ever gone bowling by the way?
I think other teams would have adopted the same tactic if it worked. I have gone bowling, not recently. Not really my thing. How about you?
Yeah I've gone bowling before it's crazy that Bowlers in the 60s made more than top football stars, oh how the times have changed
The bowlers were part of an established sport. Pro football was just getting going. The college game was loved, but didn't pay. So I'm not surprised.
Yep I agree with you. Have you heard of the highest scoring football game ever? It was with Georgia Tech and Cumberland?
That was a ridiculous blowout. That game should never have been schedule. GT was too powerful. 
Yep I agree with you. It was definitely a mismatch. Do you ever watch football on the television? I guess ESPN created the yellow line that shows first downs
That yellow line seems so obvious, but I guess nobody figured out a way to do it. There are lots of graphics that could be superimposed on the field to make the game more interesting.
Yep I agree with you. It's crazy that they won an Emmy for that too LOL it seems so obvious
An award for a line. Next, U of Iowa will win for a pink line on the field. 
Haha anything is possible. What are your thoughts on the Patriots? Do you know that one of them has never fumbled the ball? I think he doesn't play anymore though but that is still impressive
How is that possible? The guy must have a special technique. I hope that he got some kind of bonus for that feat. He's incredible!
That is incredible! What do you think about the radio by the way? Do you ever listen to it? I know that I always listen to YouTube instead
I used to listen to the radio as a kid, not so much now. I go to Youtube for the classics that I want to hear. Radio is good for a commute.
Have you ever listened to the radio from Jupiter? Apparently you can pick it up on your AM radio in the car, I'll have to try that next time
The storms on Jupiter are probably better than a lot of things on the radio. Like news broadcasts in Latin, for instance.
Haha that's what I was thinking too. Or Canadian radio for that matter. You need at least 40% of the radio in Canada to be of Canadian origin. I can't think of any good Canadian artists off the top of my head
Rush, April Wine, Bryan Adams, Neil Young are a few popular ones. Then there's Bieber. Hm.
Ok I'll give you rush on that one haha. Would you ever listen to a classic Radio drama though? There's a website that has a bunch of them for free
Hello, are you a football fan.  Did you know that the visitors locker room is Pink at the University of Iowa.
Well I love pro ball, not so interested in college, it's too emotional from players.
In the 1960's, the top bowlers earned twice as much as the top football stars.
I believe that. Football was just beginning to become popular. If the two leagues hadn't consolidated it might have remained at that level.
Really, that is cool.  Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222.0 in the highest scoring game ever. 
Must have not had a defensive coordinator back then. You have a favorite team?
I like the Carolina Panthers (i'm a NC man).  Tom Brady was either bad in HS or his coach didn't notice him.  He was a backup Quarterback and even though his team was having a historically bad season, he couldn't get a start. 
I have had several different teams through the years. I was an avid Raiders fan until they moved to LA, now I root for the Seahawks since I'm from Wa.
Seahawks are cool. I am a Russell Wilson fan.  He went to NC STATE the first 3 years.  I went there.  Did you know that there is only 1 left handed Quarterback in the NFL.  It is Kellan Moore. 
I wonder if being left-handed is an asset or a hinderance. I think that Kenny Stabler was also a leftie but that was long ago.
I think I remember him.  A cool fact is that the circular huddle used today is because of Paul D. Hubbard.  He was a deaf Quarterback and they started huddling that way so the defense could not see his hand signals. 
I had heard that. I wonder how he handled the snaps? Maybe just touched the center. How about Alex Smith, not only a great QB but also very smart.
Yes he was.  I think he took enough AP tests in high school to enter college as a Junior. 
Amazing man. Did you play FB in school? I was raised in Fairbanks Ak and the snow didn't totally disappear until @ May 1st, school let out mid May so it would have been a very short season.
No, I played basketball.  Going back to Alex Smith, he also began working on his master's degree before he became the first pick in the 2005 NFL draft. 
Hope he finishes it. While it might not pay as much, education is the best thing you can have. 
Yes, that is true.  The Quarterback for the University of Oklahoma, Baker Mayfield, considered quitting football to become a full-time competitive gamer.  
One of my sons wanted to be a game coder but he ended up being an IT specialist. You have a pick for the super bowl yet?
He claims he can beat anyone at the University of Oklahoma one on one in Halo 3.  I never played games like that. 
Neither have I. If a game requires quick reflexes I'm lost. I do alright in strategy games where I can take my time to think before I do anything. 
     Well, thanks for the chat. 
Good morning!  Are you planning to watch the NFL playoffs today?
Definitely yes.  I am a huge Eagles fan, Go Birds!
Which quarterback do you like better for the Eagles?  Wentz or Foles?
I like Wentz but Foles has the magic right now
He definitely does.  Hopefully the officials let the players play today.  I am all for protecting QBs like Foles, but some of the roughing the passer calls have been awful.
Yes I agree especially for Clay Matthews
That's a good point and Redskins CB, Josh Norman, has been very outspoken about this issue.
I live in DC and Josh Norman is disliked, it's a common opinion that all he does is talk and not play well
Lol.  Well you might be a little biased, you can't support both the Redskins and Eagles can you?  
I only support the Eagles, just the Redskins are the local team so we get a ton of news about them daily.  Its kind of like a circus LOL
I bet!  I am in Nebraska where college football is king.  Though I was thinking about Iowa where visiting locker rooms are painted pink!
LOL yes I have heard about that.  Do you follow an NFL team?
I usually root for a good game, but I think I am usually more against certain teams/coaches rather than for one.
Do you listen to alot of radio?
I listen to some, especially talk radio.  I like having my choice I guess.  In Canada, for example, they require almost half of the music on the radio be Canadian.  
Yes I read that, kind of interesting
I am probably more interested in all the innovation like World War II soldiers were able to construct a working radio with just a pencil and switchblade.
Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that
I guess I find all of it fascinating.  How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?
I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments
Have a great day and good luck to the Eagles.
Do you like to watch football? 
Hello - I love to watch football. What about you?
Yeah, I like it a lot. Did you know University of Iowa's locker room is pink? 

That is pretty intersting. I wonder how well that works out for the opposing team and if it has any effect?
I'm not sure. I don't think it would bother me, if anything it would be an impetus to beat the other team bad. 
I agree. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?
I did know that, but I'm unsure why he is the only one. 
The superbowl winning QB Brad Johnson is the only QB in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself.
Do you know what year that this occurred in? 
I do not unfortunately. I did see that only two African-American QB's have won the superbowl - Doug Williams and Russell Wilson.
I remember Doug Williams, 42-10 crushing defeat of the Broncos. Greatest Superbowl ever. 
That's a huge defeat. I remember that one too.
That was the game where I think there were like 5 touchdowns in one quarter. 
I believe so. Russell Wilson is actually still under a major league baseball contract.
Interesting. I'm not familiar with him. Is he any good? 
He is very good. Did you know Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team?
No, I didn't. Did he release it? Have you heard it? 
I have not heard it. I saw the highest paid across all US department of defense employees are the three football coaches for the service branches.
Really? So that would have to be Army, Navy, and Airforce? 
Yep, which is pretty amazing he makes the most money of all government employees.
That's a pretty interesting fact. Well it was nice chatting with you? 
Are you a fan of sports?
I am, I'm a big football fan. 
Whats your favorite team of all times?
The Buffalo Bills are my favorite team, but I like watching others. 
Did you have the chance to watch the superbowl this year?
I did, the Patriots did a good job. Tom Brady has came a long way from his JV days at Junipero Serra High School. He wasn't even a starter back then. 
Tom brady is undeniable one of the greatest quart-backs the league has had in recent times i wish the game would have been more exciting though
Yeah it was pretty boring. Atleast it wasn't a complete blow out like Georgia Tech did to Cumberland in 1916. They won 222-0!
Imagine watching that I would have left after the first hour when it hit 70-0 i would stand up and get the car started lol
Yeah, that's alot of scoring. I bet the quarterback did alot of work in that game.
They probably had every player on the team be quarterback at least for one play
They probably did. Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback?
Well that deaf quartback changed history because his technique is still used in modern times
Yeah he did. Alex Smith is another smart quarterback. He entered college as a junior because he took so many AP test in high school.
I actually never knew that with a strong mind like that he was probably really good at making plays
He probably is. It takes a strong mind as well as a strong arm to be a good quarterback. 
A mind like john madden and an arm like peyton manning
That's right! I heard that Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue full-time competitive game.
Hopefully he could become awesome at gaming so he could show he is multi talented
He does claim he cold beat anyone at Oklahoma at Halo 3.
I was such a huge fan of the halo games when they came out on xbox, call of duty never did it for me when it became popular
I really like the original Halo, I even had the Halo edition XBOX.
Halo changed eveything i used to love playing only shotguns and swords, Have an awesome day my friend
Hi there, are you a fan of football?
i did not follow football much. You?
A little bit. I'm always impressed by a good quarterback, though.
yes, that is the toughest position. he touches the ball on every play. it must be tough. especially the physical punishment.
Not only that, but they're pretty much seen as the leader of the whole offensive team.
i guess the coach has to choose the qb carefully. a player that understands what the coach is trying to achieve. who is your favorite qb?
I don't have a favorite, but I really don't like Tom Brady. Even though he's supposedly pretty good.
he is good, but i probably would like to see some other qbs get to win the SB. i usually root for the underdog.
Yeah, he's definitely been to his fair share of Super Bowls. He must plan his Februarys around it!
Yeah, dont plan a vacation in february! He has to defend that crown. Do you listen to the radio ?
I do. I like to listen to NPR on the way to work. Can you believe soldiers figured out how to make "foxhole radios" back during WW2?
i wonder how they did that. who taught them? did they know beforehand? what did they listen to? the news in latin? LOL
Who knows. They just used a razorblade and a pencil!
that is amazing! i guess they were able to get instructions or listen to the enemy. maybe they listened to storms on Jupiter?
If they were in Canada, the probability of them listening to a Canadian artist would be pretty high. 
yeah, they would be stuck listening to Rush. cant be helped! LOL Would you listen to old radio dramas?
Maybe, but I'd prefer to listen to sports trivia. Did you know the former Patriots running back never fumbled the ball in his entire career?
that is amazing! i wonder if he got a bonus for that. that is quite a feat. 
Who knows? But I should probably wrap up this conversation. Thanks for the chat about football and the radio! Next time you see a huddle, thank Paul Hubbard for that!
Paul Hubbard was a legend, an innovator! Yes, great chat!
Ciao!
Do you keep up with football?
No.  I don't much care for it, though I once worked security for the Superbowl in New Orleans.
Nice! Did you get any pics or autographs?
No. I did not.  I think it's pretty interesting that bowlers once made more money than footballers. how about you?
I think those days are long gone. This years season is wrapping up and the playoffs start soon.
Yep.  I think I'd rather be a competitive gamer like Baker Mayfield thought about, though I don't play Halo
I actually had beat him in a tourney a couple years back when he was in college
Really? that must have been cool.  So you play Halo?  Or a different game?
I play Call of Duty now hoping that Baker will jump online someday so I can beat him again...lol
Lol.  Never played that one either. 
Did you see Alex Smith break his leg during the game a few weeks ago?
Ouch! No.  I guess being so smart didn't keep him safe!
No but at least he will have something to fall back on if he cant play again.
There is that.  It's a sport not designed for a long career
I think the huddle has to go so the game can be sped up a little
I rather like the huddle, though I hear you on time.
Its not needed, it was started to help a deaf QB.
True, but hand signals have become a part of the way players communicate, deaf like Hubbard or not
How much longer do you think Brady has left?
I don't like him, so no time left would be my hope. 
Merry Xmas
Hey there how are you?
Hi. Do you enjoy any hobbies?
Yeah I am crafty but nothing other than that.. my boyfriend is a big football fan though I did get to go to a Chiefs game that was pretty interesting
I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well
What teams do you like
I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football
Lol yeah they are Tom Brady is one hell of a quarterback
So is green ellis who has never fumbled in his entire career. Talk about dependable
Who does he play for
New england patriots as well
Oh cool... Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
It is amazing for a quarterback to be left handed considering there are more cons than pros unlike other sports
Yeah they are the ones who call the plays in the huddles
Did you know huddles only were started due to a deaf quarterback who didn't want his signs to be overseen?
That is interesting the university of Iowas locker room for the visiting team is painted pink
Perhaps it is to mentally perturb the opposing team or keep them off balance?
That could be I just think it is funny
Who knows? In any case, it could be that they just wanted something that stood out
Yep football history has a lot of interesting facts like ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games
I understand why. An average nfl game only has a dozen or so minutes of actually gameplay so any help digesting all that action is helpful
Yeah... this last super bowl was almost embarrassing the score was so low.. the highest score ever in a game was in 1916 when georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0
It was a bit disappointing, especially the initial ceremony. In any case, thanks for chatting.
Hi do you like football?
I do like it. Snoop Dogg once wrote a  fight song for his son's high school team
That is pretty cool. THe U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
WOw I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the opposing team
Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?

Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards
Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like
Oh I see , well in that case I am happy because it has made the game much easier to watch at home
True. Did you know bowlers used to make less than football players in the 60s
WOw interesting. NBA coaches are some of the highest paid within the military
I am not surprised. Do you know who Benajrvus Green-Ellis is?
I am not sure actually. Did you hear about that huge stadium in Texas?
Hm not really, how big is it? Benjarvus was the only NFL player who never fumbled the ball
WOw that is impressive. Do you listen to the radio?
I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio
Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist 
Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?
I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds
WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?
I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.
Wow, I wonder if he has any advantages because of that
Hey! Do you watch football?
Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?
Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?
That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.
It could be. Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland. 
Do you have a favorite quarterback? I think Brad Johnson is one of my favorites because he's the only one in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself!
It's true. He is awesome. I guess quaterback is always position, which people like. It's like to be in the center. 
Yeah, they're usually where all the attention is focused on. Have you ever been to a live football game?
Yes, only at Austin, when I was a student at UT-Austin. How about you? Btw, do you know that the University Iowa's locker room is pink for visiting football team?
Oh wow, I've also attended a game at UT before but I have never been to the high school stadium that seats 18,000 people and cost 60 million to build. No, I didn't know that, why do they paint it pink?
Not sure, but I guess it's sort of influence on minds. But I would google it after hit. I'm really wondering. Let's change topic. I've read some info about radio and found quite interesting that in Canada 40% of music played should be Canadian. I didn't know what this rule. Have you ever been in Canada?
Yeah, maybe to intimidate them perhaps. I have never been to Canada but I have Banff on my bucket list. How do radio stations monitor whether or not the radio stations actually uphold to that?
I'm sure there is special government agency or something like this lol I honestly listen radio only in my car.
Yeah, I think that's the only time I'm exposed to the radio though there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound for people to listen to the sun's music, I have yet to come across this station.
Did you know that there is a website, which contains episodes of classic radio dramas for free? I'm wondering to find this website.
What exactly are radio dramas? Are those considered podcasts?
Not sure. I guess it's like theater performance, but played in radio. It was popular some dozens years ago, but of course not in youtube/netflix time like now.
Oh ok, I rely on podcasts for some long commutes. I had no idea Bing Crosby was so popular on the radio back then, he filled more than half of the radio time in 1948!
Really? I didn't know. Yes, radio was popular at this time. I know soldiers in WWII really appreciated when they had an opportunity to listen radio.
Oh yeah, I bet that was their only source of entertainment back then! They even had ventriloquists on radios and it was a very popular radio act, that's talent!
True. Ok. It was nice to meet you and chat here in this hit. Have a good day!
Yes, have a good day!
Hey there do you watch the NFL? It stands for the National Football League btw
I do, I follow it pretty closely, what about you? 
I follow it sometimes, I did watch the Super Bowl which I found a little bit boring, but I do like the Patriots I'm glad they won, what about you?
Not a patriots fan, but yeah, the superbowl was super boring this year. 
Yes I agree. I wonder if it's because then average NFL game only has 11 minutes of gameplay to it. The rest is commercials, and referees and such
Yeah, that could be a big part of it. They do always seem to be standing around. 
Yep that's true. Would you watch the NFL if it had female players? Apparently there's no rule against it
I don't know if people want to see female players.  
Yeah I don't know! They would have to be very athletic too. Oh, what I don't like is how the New Orleans Saints treat their cheerleaders though, did you hear about that?
yeah, a lot of teams actually have that rule. The redskins do too, I know because I have a few friends who cheered for them a few years back. 
Oh interesting, how did they like being cheerleaders by the way, and that's interesting that the Redskins have that rule too, I wonder if all the teams do
They don't get paid well and it is a lot of work. The rule is actually no fraternizing, but Chris Cooley (a player) at the time ended up marrying one and it created a big stink for the other cheerleaders. LOL
LOL that's funny. I can see I guess why they have that rule though. What do you think about pink locker rooms by the way? Apparently the University of Iowa did that to the opposing team's locker room
I think it is hilarious that they do that to guest teams, but I'm not so sure it bothers the other teams. 
I know right. I wonder if they check their win-loss record before and after they did that, in terms of how different it would be LOL or if it made no difference at all. I do think it's funny to that Bowlers used to make more than football players back in the 60s
I wonder how popular bowling was way back in the day. 
Yes I wonder, especially because shows like The Flintstones would use it, maybe it was super popular? Also, they didn't have things like the superimposed yellow line, I know that the ESPN came out with that and won an Emmy, I don't think that was back in the 60s though
They deserve the emmy for that. It is pretty cool. I wonder if any football players became bowlers in the 60s? 
That's a good question, I wonder how many good football players we lost to Bowlers because they would be paid more LOL, what do you think about dogs by the way? Do you have one?
I heard that dogs and elephants are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing. 
Isn't that interesting question mark you'd think that would include other animals like gorillas or dolphins or something, but apparently yes only dogs and elephants, I also like that Google prefers dogs over cats lol they put it in their code of conduct, I agree with them
Have you heard about the pictures of Odell Beckham doing cocaine?
Not the pictures, but there's been a lot of disappointment in general. People seem pretty angry.
Yes Cris Carter is definitely mad at him and calling him stupid.
I mean, he's not wrong. When you are that highly paid, the highest paid receiver in history, you can forego a few years of partying to secure a long term future.
Exactly  - especially since it could get him kicked out of the league.  Your image in sports matters.  I agree with Carter on this one.
It does allude to the idea that Carter is trying to get him to grow up and own up to the actions, so that he might not lose that spot, that's important. People can be sorry.
He compared Beckham to Lawrence Taylor - a famous player who battled drugs.
I feel like getting caught with cocaine and having a big drug and alcohol problem is weird, but maybe Beckham is going down that path. It's a slippery slope.
Absolutely   He is in line to make up to 80 million over 5 years but he needs to be more mature - both during the games and off field.
It does seem like a big boys club of letting young men not be responsible for their actions because they "do the sports really good', and I am glad people are starting to call them out for it, and willing to cut good players loose.
I agree - they are role models for the kids.  The NFL is a professional league and the Super bowl championship game in February gets crazy amounts of viewers.
That's true. And the NFL is doing a lot to improve it's image on treatment of players, the tracking chips in the shoulders and the football probably helps lessen injuries by seeing how players actually move. So the players need to step up to that new era.
For sure.  The game has only 11 minutes of actual gameplay but there are a lot of injuries.
Most certainly. Especially head ones, stemming from earlier versions of the game that were just as rough like rugby. Back when there was no real protective anything.
Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.
It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular. 
Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it.  There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.
I wonder if women will meet the 'standard', if they did apply. I mean, New Orleans even makes cheerleaders leave a restaurant if football players are there, sexism at its finest.
No kidding!  So maybe New Orleans won't have a female kicker, but other teams might.  Locker rooms might be an issue however. 
Probably true, but maybe we'll see a future when it's not like that, and women aren't treated like second class people in the world of football. That would probably help the 'boys club' image.
Yes - like how the University of Iowa paints the visiting teams locker room pink.
Hi there! So I was reading about Pokemon and I guess there are over 750 episodes. That's about 50 a year, for 16 years straight!
are you a pokemon fan? i have never seen the show. i figure its for kids. is it?
I'm not so much  fan, I was actually reading about televisions, since I just recently broke mine. But my youngest brother used to love that show, so I would do the Pikachu voice for him. (The little yellow character, that I think is most popular).
isnt that show japanese or something?
Speaking of foreign TV, I heard that 70's show was remade verbatim in the UK, and called "Days Like These" and was cancelled after 10 episodes. I wonder why? Did they not have the same kind of 70's as we had here? 
why would they do something so stupid as that? verbatim? like that would fool anyone.
I'm not sure what they where trying to do there. So I just found out that New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone. I didn't even know New York's area code and now I learned a fun fact! :)
have you ever used a rotary phone? very slow. the new yorkers got lucky.
Yes I have used a rotary phone! Makes me feel so old, haha. But good times, for sure. Oh wow, this is more of a weird fact, than a fun fact but apparently it's impossible to separate 2 phone books that simply have their pages overlapped together! What not that I have a phone book but I'd like to test that to make sure!
it is a useless fact except maybe for a bar bet. i guess you could win a drink. i used a rotary phone too. 
I have a sort of useful fact about phones! The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor! That doesn't sound very reliable, but seems to be working. 
i think that it is probably pretty sturdy. plus it is way down on the bottom of the sea. nothing lives there except maybe tiny creatures. 
Hm, another probably not-so-interesting fact, an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent. Do you have an iPhone?
no i dont. coincidentally i do have an ICBM deterrent.
Haha! I don't have an iPhone either. Too expensive for my taste (or wallet)!
too expensive. the icbm deterrent has text messaging, which is good enough for me. 
Apparently, Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Hm, I wonder what their aim is there. And I wonder why they don't just donate every child in need, clean drinking water. Or simply what is gong on there?!
raising awareness i guess. its not just the problem and the solution but getting people to think about others around the planet. and how much time they spend on those phones.
Yeah, i see your point. I usually keep my phone turned off, which renders it pretty useless most of the time. But it feels good to me! Plus I'm sick of all those spam calls or whatever the kids are calling them.
yeah,i guess those all the time. irritating. anyway, great chat! 
yeah, it was great chatting with ya!
Do you like football?
I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.  
Yes, i completely agree!  What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?
I don't know, there are 32 teams, so a least 32 games so they have played against each other at least once before the playoffs. 
I think that would be a bit much, you wouldn't have any players left because of all the injuries.
It is quite a rough sport, maybe if they had 2 roosters, but I don't see the point of having 2 different lineup for 1 team. Just make 2 different teams.
Exactly!  Did you know that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game?
Yeah, I think you need really good commentators with good replays to fill the rest. That why I prefer watching other things on TV. 
Oh yeah... what other things do you watch on television?
I like funny cartoons like "The Simpsons", but I never saw the episode where Bart never appears or is referenced. 
Oh i love the simpsons... yeah i wonder what episode that is?
Wish I knew.. but there are also really boring stuff on TV, like the UK remake of 70s show that only had 10 episodes, it must have been dreadful.  
Yeah... well the UKs sense of humor is different than ours.  Watch the UK version of "The Office" and you will see
Did you liked it ? Some foreign shows have success in the States, like Pokemon, they have over 750 episodes. 
It's ok, not a big fan of the office.  That's a lot of episodes.  where do they find the time?
I think it is more a standardized system like how the built car than an artistic process fueled by inspiration. Do you like South Park ? They produce a lot of episodes too. 
South Park is really funny!  Did you see the Simpsons crew sent the south park crew flowers on the final episode of Family Guy!
Yeah, they criticized their humor as totally random and could be done by manatees. It was somewhat justified, but I also like this kind of humor. 
Never really watched family guy!  you ever seen thomas the tank?
I saw it from time to time when I scan the channels, I did not know that they hired stars, like Ringo Stars,  to narrate it. 
Great chatting with you!
Hi there. I think our phones are taken for granted. Back in the day they didn't even have wireless phones.
have you ever used a rotary phone? i have. i am very old. two days older than dirt. LOL
Yes I have! Kind of slow but not for New Yorkers who had the most efficient area code!
Yeah, the new yorkers got lucky. i bet folks in alaska and hawaii got the slow ones.
Yeah good guess! Did you know the iPhone has more computing power then the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent?
Yes, and the iPhone is much better at text messaging too.
Yes it is. Much better than the old rotary phones. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your phone. But I'm not sure how to enroll in this program.
neither am I. i figure that there is a web site, but people really are addicted to their phones. i wonder how much water gets donated.
Yes people really are. Hopefully a lot of water. The cables carrying phone and Internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter. That is hard to believe.
i think it is a bundle of fiberoptic cables. each thread carries a ton of signals. i wonder how they fix it when there is a problem.
Yes I would not want to be the electrical engineer on duty. They simply just lay across the ocean floor.
I guess they have to send down a probe, or something like that. probably not a lot of life dont there though.
Yeah that's probably a good guess. Apparently it is impossible to separate two phonebooks that simply have their pages overlapped together. I don't plan on trying.
Phone books? does anyone have those things any more? Do you watch TV these days?
I definitely don't. I enjoy TV. I can't believe TV only used to be available in black-and-white.
Yes, that was the TV i had many years ago. you get used to it. of course, color is much better.
Yes and now they even have 3-D television. I used to watch Thomas the Tank Engine. Did you know that celebrities narrate that show?
I have never seen the show. i know that kids love it. who has been on it?
Some celebrity narrators have been Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin. They did at least 52 episodes each.
That is great of them to lend their talents to the show. I should check it out. Anyway, great chat!
I wish they never remade that 70s show in the UK. Great chatting with you as wellI hope you have a great day.
Hi! Do you know where to go on Unicef's site to sign up for their program that donates a day of clean water, for every minute you don't use your cell phone?
I do not never heard of it! Did you know a cell phone has as much computing power as a Nuclear icbm deterrent? 
Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.
Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.
Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.
That's strange and i did watch the simpsons for a long time. I think woman should have there own league like the wnba. 
In which sport are you referring to? 
Sorry i'm referring to women in the nfl. I do not want to see a line backer tackling a women, that's just me. 
Many schools have girls on their high school teams, usually as kickers. I'm more concerned about the Saints treatment of their cheerleaders, such archaic practices.
Yes very sexist there are better ways to avoid employee fraternization. Strange to me that 11 minutes of live play through is all we get in a game. 
I don't watch a lot of football. However, I have seen every episode of Thomas the Train, that Alec Baldwin has narrated.
Have you seen any of the episodes that Ringo Starr or George Carlin did?
I saw a few of them. George Carlin was amazing. They each did at least 52 episodes.
Oh ok i think George Carlin is to funny! Did you watch the 70's show?
I did. Still do, on Netflix. I am curious as to how the British version compares.
Probably much like everything else. lol. That 70's show was canceled after 10 episodes. 
I read somewhere that the producers of South Park received flowers from the Simpsons crew, after their family guy episode.
Yeah that was either funny or very nice maybe both. Do you know how many teams the nfl has?
I do not know. I know that ESPN won an emmy for their superimposed yellow line.
I love that line. There are 32 teams currently and 17 regular weeks with one bye week. 
Interesting. Thank you for chatting with me. enjoy your day.
You as well. 
do you watch the NFL?
I do. DId you know women can play too?
Yes there is no rule against them as long as they qualify
Yeah. THe game only lasts for 11 minutes, active game at least
Yes. DId you know engineers make more money over their lifetime though?
Yes but they also have longer careers than the football players
True, good point. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yes they cannot eat in the same place as the players
Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in
Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go 
I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now
Yes they are collecting stuff like velocity and rotation and such
Yeah. DO you know much about the presidents?
Some stuff. DO you know who the three wealthiest ones in the US are?
Yes it is Jefferson, Washington and JFK
Yeah. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
Yes he was called President Banana
Yes. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?
Cool. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?
Yes the runner up. DO you use facebook?
Yes. Did you know they offered myspace to but it and they turned it down
Yesh for $75 million they could have made billions now
What do you think about the Miami Dolphins?  Some are boycotting them due to continued demonstrations against police brutality and social injustice during the national anthem.
I don't know much about that. I don't watch a lot of football, do you?
I only know what I read.  Police Unions are urging members in South Florida to boycott 
That sounds dramatic. I think the players are trying to say it has nothing to do with not supporting the military, which is why the police are upset. 
There isn't an official policy agreed upon by the NFL and players association.  Sounds like a difficult situation.
I agree. The Super Bowl is coming up soon, so there is a lot of attention on the NFL.
Robert Quinn shook his fist as two players on the dolphins took a knee in the preseason opener.  Some people felt it was a slap in the face to military past and present and to law enforcement officers.
I can see that. Did you know an NFL game only has about 11 minutes of actual playing time?
Interesting fact!  NFL players make a lot of money, but on average working as an engineer can have payoffs greater than the lifetime average earnings of an nfl or mlb player
I find that hard to believe. Apparently there are no rules against women in the NFL! 
I guess not everyone makes it big.  I hope a lady makes it big someday.  It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into the restaurant they are in.
That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!
If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!
Seriously! It was worth $104 billion by 2012!
Speaking of Facebook, you better not press the "like" button in the german state of schleswig-holstein because it is illegal.
That's too funny!Yes Iceland is using it to rewrite their constitution!
Hard to believe.  I don't think that would work for the US
There's no way. I didn't realize you only have to be 13 to have an account
Yes, and if you want a free whopper, look out for more promotions from Burger King.  They had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on Facebook, you get a free whopper.
I bet that gave them a lot of advertising attention!
One possible other way to get rich would be if you got an inheritance from the three wealthiest presidents: JFK, Washington, and Jefferson!  Well nice talking to you.
What do you think about the NFL controversy about kneeling during the national anthem?
I don't know.  Part of me says its disrespectful and part of me says its free speech.  People with religious beliefs who aren't allowed to stand are allowed to sit without comment after all.
I found it interesting that Trump decided to get involved in it.
Oh NOTHING is too small and insignificant for him to comment on.  Did you see his tweet that had a video of him singing the Green Acres TV show song?  That was Wednesday of this week!
Trump railed about the peaceful demonstrations, and other people commented too, including the Broward County Police Benevolent Association.
Yes, there's a huge difference between the President of the US commenting and the Police Association.  Trump may want attention.
Some organizations such as the Dolphins are requiring their players to stand, or at least that's what the PBA said in a Facebook post.
I don't think they can legally do that.  One small blessing is that Trump does not post on Facebook and limits himself to Twitter.  Did you know in Germany the FB 'like' button is illegal?
I wonder how they enforce that. Is it not present or it is illegal to click it?  Facebook has been around for 14 years now. Its hard to remember life without it.
I'm not a prolific user of FB.  I use it to connect to other fiber artists only.  I could live without it.  I am assuming in the German state it's illegal in it's absent.  Did you know FB is primarily blue because Zuckerburg has red-green colorblindness?
A few  years ago it was valued at $104 billion, so I think lots of people out there use it. I did notice it was very blue.
Lots and lots of people use it although right now they are losing people due to the fact they disclosed personal information and lied about doing it.  Stock price is DOWN.
It is being used though. Currently Iceland is letting the public make suggestions via Facebook to rewrite their constitution, so it is a tool of governments.
I think it is a good platform for that by the way.  
Not everyone does though.  Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people.  I wonder what inspired that.
I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.
I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.
I don't even think Myspace exists anymore does it?
Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.
Oh, for sure.
Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.
Really.  I know a few people who are on it for sharing family and personal stuff and then more who like me use it as platform for an interest, but that's it in my life. Nice chatting with you.
Hello,  just watched my favorite NFL team, the Ravens, get eliminated from the playoffs.  
Couldn't have happened to a better team, lol. I live in Baker Mayfield territory. Do the Ravens have the same weird rule as the Saints, that prohibits its cheerleaders from eating at the same restaurant as the players?
I think so.  Similar that if an nfl player comes in the cheerleader has to leave.  
That's an asinine rule. Are there any female NFL players yet?
No, not to my knowledge.  But there is no rule preventing them if the meet the eligibility requirements.
I was curious if there were, as many high schools have girls on the team. With all of the replays, it's no wonder that viewers are only gettin 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
Yeah, that is an interesting fact.  I thought it was also interesting that the nfl has tracking chips in the players shoulder pads.
Along with tracking chips in the ball. To think there is that much research and development being spent on sports is a little nauseating.
Lots of money involved in the sport.  The first Sunday in February is coming soon for the Superbowl.
I won't be watching, as there will be documentaries on the history of the Presidents. I hope they show the inside of the presidential guest house, it's larger than the white house.
I wonder if the vice president ever stays in that house.  Until 1805 the vice president was the runner up in the election.
I think we should go back to that system, maybe then there would be less infighting. No, there is a Vice President's mansion. It's nice too. I'm still surprise that JFK is the richest president. I would have thought the Bush family was wealthier.
I would have well.  I guess JFK had his hands in everything.  At least he wasn't called the president banana like the president of Zimbabwe
That's hilarious, I wonder if it was a mix up in the translation? I think it's cool that the Indonesian president is a recording artist. I'm going to look on YouTube and see if he's there.
Or you could check on Facebook which was launched on February 4, 2004.
I still can't believe that Myspace turned down the offer to buy Facebook. Maybe they wouldn't have had all of these problems if they would have bought it.
Maybe.  Mark Zuckerberg is a smart gut though.  His did graduate from Harvard.  
Iceland is rewriting their constitution, and allowing the public to make suggestions via facebook. I can't see that working here.
No, me neither, especially with the recent Facebook backlash.  Burger King will even give a free Whopper if you unfriend 10 people.
I'm not on Facebook to take advantage of that promotion. I don't like all of the ads, I know that's how it makes most of it's money, but still.
Agreed.  It's been a pleasure chatting with you.
You as well. Have a wonderful day.
Hello,  do you watch football?  I read there is a running back who used to play for the patriots then never fumbled!  That is crazy!  This guy should be more popular,  I never heard of him,  Benjarvus Green- Ellis. 
Watching the Eagles now!  Hope they win:)  If they win with a score of 223 or higher, they'll beat the record for the highest scoring football game over the old record of Georgia Tech in 1916
I saw that somewhere,  amazing!  Good job Georgia Tech!  I can;t believe bowlers use to make twice as much as football players in the sixties!  Thats insane,  bowling must have been super popular at that time! 
That is crazy.  Do you ever see the yellow line?  ESPN Created it
Yeah and won an award for it.  
Do you like baseball?  A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005.  In fact they scheduled 2430 games.
That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid!  It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.  
Sure is!  If you like to watch football as a couple, then you really only need 11 minutes to watch live gameplay.  But, you probably spend a few hours.
lol but you have to spend like 3 hours to watch that 11 minutes of gameplay though....
Yep that's exactly what I said.  Did you hear about the man who found lots of 1900's baseball cards in his grandfathers attic?  They were hidden since 1940's.  Do you know how much they were worth?
Not really,  you said you only need 11 min to watch the gameplay.  That was confusing.  Yeah I read about that,  I think it was 3 billion.  or around there. 
$3 million in fact.  That's a lot of cash!  If you are a cheerleader for the New Orleans Saints, you have to leave a restaurant if an NFL player comes in after you.  That stinks.
That seems really rude.  But I get it,  they aren't suppose to interact with football players.  I think they have a crappy job though,  they have to pay for their own travel expenses and now they have to leave a restaurant if a football player comes in,  what if they are not done eating.  sad. 
They should get reimbursed by the NFL for the meal then or have the NFL player pay for it.
They should!  But who knows.  i just learned that women can play in the nfl!  I didn't know that before1
There is no rule against it.  I never thought they couldn't.  I just didn't think anyone made it that far that was female.  Probably there have been more than a share of obstacles to get there.  Nice thing is that if you are an engineer, chances are you will make more average lifetime earnings than that of the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player or mlb player
That's great for the engineer!  Seems a little weird though because football players risk they health and safety all the time.  
It is a very dangerous sport.  Did you hear Tim Tebow switched from the NFL to MLB but didn't fare so well getting moved to the Mets' minor leagues
No I actually didn't hear that,  but I do not keep up with football much.  He probably thought that since he was already a pro athlete he would be pro in mlb as well,  but everyone has to start from the bottom. 
Tebow had been a Heisman Trophy Winner in the NFL, so he did have a lot of prior success in the majors.
yes.  well its been nice chatting. 
I thought Tim Tebow played football.
I am pretty sure he did. But with 32 NFL teams it is hard to keep up with who is on what team.
Oh, I see.  Tim is moving from NFL to MLB.  Looks like it might not work though.  He can not hit grapefruit league pitching.
Oh I don't know why players do that! I'd rather be NFL seeing that an average game only has about 11 minutes of actual live game play.
I think standing in the outfield and dreaming about giant paychecks would be just as good.  Tim Tebow is injured, he stepped on a sprinkler head.
Oh, okay. That makes sense.
Tim is 30 years old.  That is near the end of career for either league.    i hope he is happy trying for MLB career.
I hope so! Baseball is a good sport too, so maybe it will work out. Do you know why MLB managers wear uniforms?
They can take the field if needed.  I have never seen any manager on the field other than to yell at an ump though.
Yes, I can not imagine, but I have to think it would be entertaining to see.Funny that in Japan baseball fans are surprised to find out the sport is America's favorite past time.
Yes, managers on the field would be funny.   It is said that the team with the most runs at the end of the game is the winner.   
Yep, so I guess it does not matter who is running.In Canada kickball is called soccer baseball. I guess they must consider the foot the bat?
I hope they play with a red playground ball.  Like we had in grade school.  It would be neat to have another team added to most games.  Offense, Defense and Spoilers. They would run around and cause mayhem on the field.  
It would be good I'm sure. Instead of East, West and Central divisions. Can you imagine the competitiveness it could elicit?
Kickball is called soccer-baseball in Canada, they do have australian rules football.  Funny how names change but the basic idea of the game is what is important.
Yes, It is. Speaking of sport and rules, did you know the NFL has no rules against female players so long as they can meet league requirements?
Yes.  I had a thought though.  Would you really want to see a girl play Center.  If they are hurt on the field I would feel bad.  Not what I want.
Not in my opinion. I am surprised they even have the rule! I think a girl could really be in danger in a football game against men. It is better than the sexist rule the Saints have in regard to their cheerleaders.
Those rules are terrible.  Its like a rule from a bygone era.  You would think the NFL would be modern and up to date with hiring practices. 
Can you even imagine as a female cheerleader that you have to get up and leave mid-meal at a restaurant if any NFL player comes in because you can't eat at the same place as a NFL player? Insane!
It is a bad rule.  Well, I am going to study and become an engineer.  Later on.
What do you think about the controversy about the name of the Redskins ?
The issue has been around several decades.
Don't the polls show that that the natives are not offended but the name. 
Native Americans do not take that in negative.
But at the same time, the Cleveland Indians have changed their mascot because it was offending.
Cleveland decision should finally compel the washington football team to make honorable decision.
You are right, besides that what do you think of football ? I think it is too slow,  there is only 11 minutes of gameplay in a match. 
Its need very hardwork and pratice.  Make the nation pride.
What do you think of women playing in the NFL ? there is no rule against it. 
They are have equal oppourtunity. We are living in the 21st century.
yet if there is a Saints player enters a restaurant, any cheerleaders already present have to leave it. 
Yes, to prevent fraternization.  It's better to avoid cheerleaders.
But should the player just leave the restaurant, that puts the player (male) above the cheerleader (female) ?
Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it
Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?
I think it's best not to have players distracted.
I have difficulties understand your point. But football was not as popular as today in the 60s, then bowlers made 2x as much as footballers. 
Sorry, in the twentieth century, there were several various kinds of football which grew to most popular team.
OH that is interesting, like soccer-baseball in Canada which is kickball in the US. 
Yes, Baseball is so popular in Japan also many fans are surprised to discover its status as America's national pastime.
Baseball is quite popular, baseball players cards can be worth a fortune. Have a nice Christmas. 
Hello - how are you today? 
Hey, I'm doing good. How are you? Do you watch any sport like football or baseball?
I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?
Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?
I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.
lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?
Haha I guess. The highest score ever in a football game was 222-0!
When was it?
It says it was in 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland. GT won that game.
Such score is difficult to imagine in 2019. I guess it would be impossible! 
I agree. I saw that ESPN won an Emmy for the yellow line representing the down line on American football games.
I've heard about it. I did know that the high school stadium in Allen, Texas seats 18,000 people and cost $60 million. I'd like to see this stadium
Wow that's crazy!
Do you like Snoop Dogg?
I do. What about you?
Yes, I like him. He wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team. I've never heard about it.
Oh wow that's pretty cool. I think I heard his son is pretty good at football. 
I didn't know that.  Do you have favorite team in NFL?
Mine is the Cincinnati Bengals. What about you?
People in my family support different teams. So when I was growing up I knew that it's bad idea to support any team lol Anyway what I don't like is short season in NFL. How long it is? 17 weeks regular season?
Good talking to you!
Hi, how are you?
Good.  Thanks for asking.  Did you watch the Superbowl this past weekend?  It was on the first Sunday in February  right on schedule.
I did watch it. Did you?
Yup, but wasn't very impressed with the game or the commercials.  The spectacle was good though.  The NFL has come a long way since playing it's first game in 1932 on an 80 yard long dirt field.
yes it has. In fact they went over $1B in sponsorship for the first time ever! They're huge!
They sure stepped away from Papa Johns though.  Between him using the n word and saying that protesting NFL players were hurting his business, they had enough of him.
Yeah. He's not in their commercials anymore... Not smart!
I know.  He founded that company 30 years ago, and just like that he's out.  Way to really screw things up...
If he says that on a conference call, imagine what he would say in private. It puts the University of Louisville in a tough spot because he paid a ton for his name to be on those buildings.
They'll probably ride it out.  What he said was horrible and inappropriate.
I guess I am questioning his decision making as he was on a conference call trying to make him a better speaker and he's being racist...
Agreed.  Can't dispute that at all.  I believe he is still owns a substantial portion of the company and will stand to profit when the company and its stock price rebound.  I wonder if he bought more stock when the price crashed. 
Possibly. It shocks me that these CEOs can be that brilliant to start these huge companies but not be a decent human.
I supposed greed get in the way.  They start out with noble intentions, and inevitably blow it.  And the bigger the company gets, the more lives they impact when their franchise owners and workers have to feel the repercussions as well.  They are left to look at his face that was still on all of their pizza boxes.
Well, do you like football? I thought his comments about it were short sighted and probably driven by Jerry Jones.
I do enjoy football.  My favorite team is the Ravens.  
Nice. Im a chicago guy. You all had a nice season and found your QB...
Assuming he can get his timing down, arm strength is fine.  You guys have a pretty nice QB yourselves.  I'd take him in a heartbeat.  I wonder what those tracking chips embedded in the player's shoulder pads show when he takes off and runs.
I am worried about him long term if he keeps running. He will get clobbered and out for a while, like RG3.
Yup, same with Lamar Jackson.  Of course, we have RG3 too, so there's that...  Now all we need is one of those $50,000 1,100 pound American Flags to unfurl before every home game.
You would need more lineman to hold that! Nice chatting with you!
Hello,  do you watch football?  I didn't know that the nfl could have female players.
Yes, I love football.  I was wondering to myself, when will the NFL get its first female player.  She'll probably be a kicker.
Who knows,  Ive seen women in the gym and those lifting competitions!  Anything could happen!  lol
True that. Did you know the NFL uses tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads to track every move?
I did read that,  pretty amazing what technology has contributed to the sport.  Nowadays on tv,  they can draw plays and the playback and play forward are really clear and precise. 
Did you know that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay?  Crazy isn't it?
That is crazy!  It takes much longer to watch the entire event though lol like 3 hours or something.
Will you be watching the superbowl, you know it's the first Sunday in February.
I am not sure yet.  I dont even know who is in the playoffs.  It is a big event and a lot of my friends and family will be watching it.  Are you going to watch it?
I'll watch, but mainly for the commercials..LOl My team, didn't make the playoffs, so I'm not really interested.
who is your team? 
The losing Jaguars.  I keep having hope they'll have a good season, but at this point I've lost all hope.  My passion right now is baseball, though.
Just have faith,  maybe next season!  My team is the 49ers hahaha,  I have no clue if they will do better next season. 
I've had faith for 25 years now, I just don't see it happening.  Love the old 49ers, those guys were tough in the old days. I didn't realize how popular baseball was in Japan.  Some Japanese people are surprised it's America's national pastime.
lol yeah that is a long time. yeah the old 49ers were great,  legends.  Yeah I had no idea baseball was so popular in Japan. 
What really surprised me to learn, was that the managers wear uniforms, because they're considered part of the babseball team and can play in the game, if they're needed.  That's wild isn't it?
That is wild,  some managers are kinda old,  you wouldn't want them to get injured or hurt. And they have like 20 people in the dugout,  I dont't know when they will ever have to use the coach lol 
It would have to be a very desperate situation, for sure for that to occur. Getting back to football, do you watch any Canadian football?  
No I dont actually,  do you?
Yes, I watch because a hometown boy my daughter graduated high school with plays in that league with the Toronto Argonauts.
Nice!  Well its been good talking to you. 
hi how are you? do you like sports?
I'm doing well thanks I love sports! I like football a lot. American football that is.
i like american football. i dont have much chance to watch. i try to watch the super bowl.
Yeah I love watching the Super Bowl. As is tradition it was held in the first Sunday in February.
yeah, it is a great tradition. i did not watch this years sb, but last years was great. 
Yeah you didn't miss much this year. I wish an AFC team didn't win this year. I don't like the patriots.
i am tired of the patriots always winning. it gets old. i usually root for the underdog. 
Yes me as well. The first NFL playoff game was played in 1932 on an 80 yard long dirt field inside Chicago stadium.
that is funny. i didnt know that the NFL was so old. only 80 yards? well, i guess it couldnt be helped.
Yes true. There was actually a rocket scientist who coached in the NFL before. Matt Patricia!
that is great! i wonder what drew him to football. rocket science is a bit different! LOL
Yes very true. I also like baseball too. And a typical major league baseball season a total of 160,000 baseballs are used.
that is amazing. each team plays 162 games. i wonder how many balls per game get used.
Yeah that is a lot of games. The Chicago cubs were the first baseball team to win back to back World Series. Pretty cool!
that is cool! then they had a dry streak for about...how long? is it a curse?
Not sure if it is a curse but it definitely could be. A rule that I have never heard of is that if a player catches a baseball in their hat the opposing team receives three bases.
is that true? when did someone ever catch a ball in their hat? i might have to look that rule up.
Yes I need to look it up to. The minor-league baseball team in Albuquerque was named after the baseball team in the Simpsons LOL.
that is great! life imitates art. i wonder if they are any good. they have to live down to their namesake. LOL
Ha ha yeah definitely. Well high school football is definitely more popular than high school baseball because there's a $60 million high school football stadium in Texas.
those stadiums are basically giant temples. people go there to worship. LOL i like sports, but i think that more money should go to education. Anyway, great chat
Great chatting with you too I hope you have a pleasant afternoon.
Good Morning! Do you enjoy watching football?
Love it! i never miss my team's game during the season. do you?
I watch it all the time! Who is your favorite team? Did you know that the average gameplay of a game is 11 minutes long?
yea which makes me feel jipped haha i devote 2+ hours to watching jus for 11 minutes!~ I like the Pats. How about you?
I like the Vikings. I wonder how long commericals are during that time. I never knew women could play, they just don't make the team!
do you think any women have tried out for any team yet?
I doubt it. It would be good to see at some point! Do you watch baseball too? I didn't realize managers could play too if they needed to.
I dont, i think baseball is too slow! I wonder if a manager has ever had to play in an MLB game before. that would be funny to see
I agree it's too slow. Japanese people are obsessed with it though in Japan.
they love it so much that Nintendo actually owned the Seattle Mariners for awhile
I think they still have a share in that team! Let's talk more about that Patriots. Do you remember Green-Ellis? He never fumbled the ball in his nfl career.
he was a great player! did you know that yellow line you see on tv isnt actually on the field?
Yes I knew that haha. They did win an emmy for that though when they created it.
I always wondered how they moved it around during the game. it is insanely useful for everyone to have that on screen
It really is. They have a whole team to do it I'm sure. Do you have a college football team?
yea but man did we suck! Only won one game when i was at the school. The Rams, not too good! how about you?
I'm a Iowa Hawkeye fan. I always enjoy people talking about how they paint the visitor's locker room pink.
do you think they do that to psyche the other team out?
Oh for sure. They also wave at the Children's Hospital after the first quarter which is touching.
that is nice. I heard the highest scoring game ever was a college game. Georgia Tech won 222-0. how embarrassing
That is beyond embarrassing! I wonder what is next in the record book!
im gonna go check! nice chatting with you
Raiders havent won a Superbowl in a long time if at all?
I'm not really that into football. Maybe it's because there are only about 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
Yeah 11 minutes seems like a scam, games lasts for about 3 hours and only 11 minutes of gameplay, totally unfair
Haha. I wonder if anything will change for the Raiders when they move to Vegas. I'm kind of sad to see them go since I'm from that area,though I cannot say I'm a fan.
Many fans must be sad, they will gain new fans on the plus side and maybe their drough will be over, changing cities can be a good thing, the stadium must be really nice
It seems like it's still unclear as to where the Raiders will play in 2019
It seems like a college stadium is a likely fit for the team, its a complicated issue, lets hope the stadium is ready quickly
Yeah, it really is a complicated matter. The city is expected to file an antitrust lawsuit over the Raiders' move to Las Vegas.
It seems like a long fight, that will take a lot of time to settle, the lawsuit has to materialize yet so maybe they wont find enough to keep it
The Chronicle thinks it will happen. However, the Raiders probably do not hold a great hand.
Yeah it seems like they broke an agreement, they should have thought twice before changing cities.
Yeah there are a bunch of reasons why it can't be in the Bay Area or Las Vegas so we shall see.
Yeah, so you said youre not really into fooball but do you have a favorite team?
I just like teams from the bay area, haha. That would be the Raiders and 49ers. How about you?
I see lol, well mine is in the AFC, and just won the Superbowl,can you guess what team im talking about?
The Patriots, yes they are an awesome team! It's interesting how much technology there is in football today. There are tracking chips in shoulder pads and footballs.
Yeah the Patriots, thats my favorite team and it is interesting! technology has advanced so much that chips can tell us all kinds of cool stats about the game
Yeah. Espn's yellow line helps me out a bit. They even won an Emmy for that.
Do you think ESPN deserved an emmy for that? 
Haha, not sure. It's interesting how much Americans love football now. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
They did? I dont see them making more money now a days, football players are loaded, they earn a lot of money
Yes. Surprisingly though, the average engineer makes more over a lifetime and the average NFL player.
Well it takes football players only a few years then their carreers are over, engineers work more years overall
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
I used to watch before all of the kneeling and protesting
Oh I see. DId you know that women can play in the NFL as well?
yeah, I saw that. The lawyers are licking their chops on that idea
I wonder if any women have at least tried to qualify as there is no rule that denies them that
I don't think so, I havent heard of any trying out. Seems like it would be all over the "news" if that happened.
Yeah I agree. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now in the field?
yeah looks like they are putting them in the balls too. ahh technology
Yeah and they are tracking velocity and rotation and a bunch of other stuff too
guess they need to know who has the fastest spinning spiral
Maybe and I somehow hope they can use that data to make the game safer too for the players
I think it's safer today. The refs/league let them get away with much more back in the day
I guess so. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
I did not see that one. That's a pretty bizarre rule. 
Yeah it is, I just do not understand why they cannot eat in the same place as the players.
something must have happened at some point that they created that rule.
I guess so. THe worst part about it though is that they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
yeah, not sure how they got away with that rule. seems pretty unfair
It sure does. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of active game play in an NFL game?
yeah that's another one that's hard to believe. Seems like even the highlights of the game are longer than that
Yeah exactly, I guess there is a lot of downtime in there
Do you follow the NFL? Do you have a favorite team?
I do! I love the Cowboys. How about you?
I love the Cowboys as well, what do you think about their current season?
The played pretty well this past season, it was a bummer they didn't make it far in the playoffs. But I guess it wouldn't be a Super Bowl without the Patriots involved somehow.
I hate the Patriots, they are always in the Superbowl and usually win it, it makes the league a lot less compettitive, what are your thoughts on O.J  Simpson?
He's a murderer.
I agree, he got a away with murder but he was a great player I think the media had a lot to fo with him getting away with it
Ironically, Homer Simpson from "The Simpsons" had a dream of owning the Cowboys. I wonder if they wrote that in as a dog to OJ.
I think that happened in the 13th season, wonder if they made that on purpose I bet it was, 
It's crazy to think how much money it costs to make a football stadium
I have no idea but im guessing a lot of money, players do earn a lot
There's a high school stadium in Texas that cost $60 million to make! Just the flags used at football stadiums are expensive.
$60 million wow, that is a lot of money for a stadium, we love to spend money on unneserary things meanwhile kids are starving
Well, it was a bunch of wealthy white men in Texas who funded the project, I'm sure. Though it says something that the three highest paid positions across all of the US Dept of Defense are the coaches of the football teams for the respective service branches.
That is really unfair so do you also like baseball or just a football fan?
Sure, I like baseball. It is America's pasttime, after all. How about you?
I like it, apparently the sport is also really popular in Japan
That's cool. Were you happy to see the Cubs break their losing streak a couple of years ago?
I was, they sure had a strong curse seems like a unreal thing but they suffered for a lot of years
Yeah. The early 1900s. They were the first team to ever win back to back, then never again until 2016. Crazy! Well, it's been nice talking to you today.
That is crazy, I wonder how they broke the curse and its been great talking to you as well have a nice day friend
Maybe the curse just had a time limit over 110 years? Haha. Fairwell!
Hello, whar are your thoughts on The Raiders, do you like football?
Hi, I am not really a big football fan but I follow from time to time.  It's going to be interesting to see where they play this year!
I know right, wonder if they are going to play in vegas this year, maybe next
I guess it all depends on whether or not Oakland files an antitrust suit.  I hope they do.  I am sick of all these teams moving around
Yeah make an example out of them, the team is letting down a whole city and thats not fair
Completely agree. Did you know that there were only 11 minutes of action in a NFL game? 
Only 11 minutes? that seems like a scam
Yeah lol.  Definitely not getting your money's worth!
Yeah, seems really unfair, tickets are really expensive and then all those annoying ads, I still like the game though
Yep, the game is entertaining for sure.  Also, there is no rule against female players.  That might make it more entertaining lol
It would, although I would have the stomach to watch that, watching a woman getting tackled by those monster trucks, a real tragedy
It could get ugly fast.  Engineers make more money than NFL players, so they'd be better off becoming engineers
They make more money? wow, thats probably because of the short carreers they tend to have, football players
Agreed.  I don't know how long an average NFL career is, but I would guess its just a few seasons. 
There is also the risk of injuries, that can end a carreer fast, and most players end with financial problems so maybe not worth it
Very true.  The NFL does put trackers in players shoulder pads and in the ball.  Hopefully that data will help the game become safer
Seems a bit invasive if you ask me, I think placing the chips on the balls is a great idea,many cool stats come out of them
Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?
No, dont know about that game  maybe lik 150-7?
It was 222-0.  Geaorgia Tech beat Cumberland back in 1916
Wow that is a humiliating defeat, poor team 
How are you? Do you like the NFL?
I do, I like watching football every sunday when its on, do you?
I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?
I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?
I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
did you know an average engineer will make more over his lifetime than an NFL player?
That's pretty amazing. Just goes to show how short lived the average NFL career is.
and how lucrative it is to be an engineer!
Very much so. I saw that the NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players' shoulder pads.
i bet those were designed by those well paid engineers! its a good idea to track stats and position and whatnot
I bet. It says they are tracking every move on the field to gather data on velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location
they must be pretty durable if they dont ever get crushed from all the tackling
I agree. The University of Iowa painted their opposing team locker room pink.
i bet that was too psyche out the visiting time when they play against them, get into their heads before the game
I bet. I wonder how well that actually works? I bet it doesn't do too much.
it might just be for fun, like a playful joke. even if it doesnt work, its kind of funny
I think it's funny too. In the 1960's, the top bowlers earned twice as much as the top NFL stars.
I wonder how much a bowler can earn nowadays, you dont hear bout them very often
I bet they don't make that much. Bowling really lost popularity. 
big time, its almost seen as a punchline these days
It was a good time chatting with you.
yes for sure!
I wonder why the media made such a big deal about the Cowboys.  Perhaps you could tell me.
People love their football. I think they have really good marketing. Seems like Dallas affiliated people are showing up all over TV.
I would expect people would talk more about the Patriots instead of the cowboys since they won superbowl games many times.  
Yeah, something about that blue star looks cooler on clothes I think. Football is still big here. We have 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums.
NFL is very powerful.  They have no competition.
They've come a long way since 1932.
It has 32 professional footballs.
And squeeze all of them into 17 weeks with 16 games each.
What I meant earlier was "32 teams".  16 games in 17 weeks only?
Yeah, that's a lot of games in a short amount of time.
The superbowl usually runs in February.  So, what do the NFL teams do in January?
Playoffs, if they're one of the 12 teams that make the cut.
I see.  The two teams that go to the superbowl, do they have to be from the two different conferences (NFC and AFC) or they can be from NFC or AFC only?
One from eacn, a champion form the NFC and the AFC.
I see.  Thank you for the info.  Did you watch the last superbowl in person or on tv?
I watched it. I'm wondering what I can do to be an on-air sports analyst. That job seems easy to me.
It is a fun job, I'm sure.  Are you familiar with Romo?  Is he or was he an on-air sports analyst?
Yeah, he's with one of the networks. I think Aikman is on Fox.
I learned a lot about NFL and football from you.  You should be an analyst.
Thanks! I get around I suppose. Even old Joe Namath got to be an analyst.
I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
Football is a team sport, kicking the ball in various degrees to score a goal. Sports commonly called football in certain place include association football.
I love NFL football!
Which is your favourite team ?
Raider Nation here!
The NFL has no written rule against female players. They are allowed to join a team if they meet the league eligibility requirements.
That would be great to see.  
NFL uses the tracking chips to record the movement of the players in the field. Each team really wants to win that trophy!
I think it helps them figure out how to prevent injuries too.
The NFL seasons runs from September to December. Each team wants to play 16 games, one each week.
That is a lot of games considering there are 32 teams.
Yes. All the team want to win the trophy. The team with most of the championships in the NFL is the Green Bay Packers.
All this for a game with only 11 minutes of actual game play.
The average lifetime earnings of an NFL player is higher than other sports' players. All the team members want to lift the trophy.
Espn invented the yellow line.
Baseball is america's national pastime but it is very popular in Japan also. Many of the Japanese love baseball.
Managers can actually play!
Sometimes. They wear the uniform if they're technically able to play for their teams.
Kickball is called soccer baseball in canada.
Yes. The highest score in a football game occurred in October 1916: Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0.
I would have forfeited by halftime if I were cumberland.
The whole game was played. Cumberland fans cried for the great loss.
haha,  Im sure.  Take care and have a good night.
Sweet dreams. Have a great day also.
sweet dreams
In baseball the team that scores the most runs by the end of the game is the winner.
:)
Are you more of a baseball or football fan?
I actually love them both, you?
At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?
I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.
You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.
Haha it's randomly on ESPN every now and then. I wouldn't be surprised if the top bowlers still make more than some NFL players.
The highest scoring football game was 222-0, which sounds more like a bowling score!  How does that happen?
It's got to be a very mis-matched college or high school game. I can't imagine how frustrating it would be to be the team that scored 0
Really! A loss like that is demoralizing, but so is walking into the University of Iowas's visitors locker room, because the entire room is painted pink! 
It's a good to mess with the other teams head. Are you a fan of a particular team in either sport?
I usually prefer AFC over NFC in the Superbowl because most of my favorite teams and players are AFC.  In baseball and college football, I prefer to cheer for my local college teams.
Not a Patriots fan are you?
Begrudgingly. I grew up in the shadow of Bills Stadium in Orchard Park, and the Patriots were never my heroes. But there is no denying the successes of the Brady/Belichick era. You?
Haha I can't stand them. Did you know their former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled once during his career?
A noteworthy record indeed.  He made it easy on the Referees, since ball placement was always easy with him. That superimposed yellow line ESPN got an Emmy for was always put down in the right place.
I don't know about, but I couldn't imagine watching a game without the yellow line now. Well deserved Emmy.
With their new technology, like putting tracking chips in the balls, I would imagine yellow line placement might become computerized in the future. Just what we need, an AI referee!
I might not hate that idea. Think about how much faster the game would be. I think about that a lot with baseball.
Faster football game? he live gameplay is limited to about 11 minutes. How much faster do you want it to get? LOL
Haha well there would be less time wasted if everything was decided split second. Plus they seem to be putting a lot of tech into these games to begin with!
I would be in favor of shorter games if it meant less talking head time...Most commentators not my taste. Nice chatting with you!
Do you like to go to concerts?
Yes. One of my favorite bands played 2263 concerts. The Ramones toured almost non stop for 20 years.
The Ramones are a great band, one of my favorites as well and 2263 concerts! wow that is insane!
I know! Well it seems like Linkin Park was on their way to catching up to that number. They played 324 concerts in 2001 alone.
That is also insane, thats like 1 concert per day, I wonder how they did that
I know. I didn't realize they were that popular. Unlike the band Creed who played a concert so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit.
I heard that concert was terrible imagine getting sued lol, 
That must have been really bad. Pink Floyd would not have had the same problem. First, they are a great band and secondly they played an Ancient Roman Amphitheater with no audience.
I wonder what where his reasons behind that, sounds like a great venue for a full concert, lots of money
I think they recorded it and then shared the recording with fans but no one was there to witness them live.
Still a great venue like that ancient Roman amphitheater in Croatia, a place with a lot of history
That would be so cool to see a concert there. Much more exciting than a football game that only has 11 minutes of live game play.
11 minutes doesnt seem like a long time, I heard a team lost 222-0 once, 11 painful minutes
I agree. I always felt like sports players made too much money. I was happy to learn that the average earnings of an engineer are more than that of an NFL or MLB player.
I guess engineers study harder and work harder than players, both are reallly rewarding careers.
It is also nice to know that there is no rule against female players, they just need to meet the league's requirements.
I wonder why no woman has played in the league then, it must be really hard to meet those requirements and also have a coach that will start you on the team
I think so. Maybe as a kicker women could have more luck. Although it seems unlikely when you hear a New Orleans Saints cheerleader has to leave a restaurant if a player is there.
That could work and that is a terrible rule, the NFL should ban that rule, so unfair
I agree otherwise football player should go back t making less than bowlers like in the 1960s.
Yeah its crazy how bowlers used to make more money back in the day. 
Are you a Jets fan? 
I am not. Are you?
I follow the Cowboys but I heard the other day that they offered Ndamukong Suh a big offer to come to their team.
The Jets? They must be desperate for someone to be a huge disappointment. He's not that good.
Well looks like they figured that out and rescinded the offer. I heard it was a pretty big surprise. 
Didn't he sign with the rams after they rescinded that? And isn't bowles fired?
I had not heard, I just know that they said it didn't seem to be in keeping with their longer-term plan. I can't believe how much football players make these days. Back in the 60's a top bowler made twice as much as a football player. How times have changed.
I know. And the careers are so short. Engineers often make more than the avg football player.
That sounds about right considering most players don't play that long. I heard that espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow first down line. I had no idea you could win an award for that!
I feel like that does not rise to the level of emmy worthy. They put that in the same category as really important art...
I agree. I just think it is crazy that they put tracking chips in the football and on the players gear to record everything. They are taking this to the next level for sure.
Yeah. If there is money to be made, they will find a way. I hope they use it to keep the players safe and not just to sell data.
I hope so too. I can't believe that most NFL games only have 11 minutes of live game play. Basically it is mostly them in the huddles!
Yeah. It's not against the rules for a woman to play in the NFL
Thank goodness. Just in case I would like to try a new career! It would stink to be a New Orleans Saint cheerleader. They can't even eat in the same restaurant if there is a NFL player. They have to leave if one comes in. Double standard.
I feel like the player should leave and not the cheerleader. What's the saying, possession isn't 9/10 of the law... They're in there, you leave!
Absolutely. It is ridiculous! I wonder if the university of iowa was thinking about the cheerleaders when they painted the locker room for the visiting team pink?!
The NFL was originally named the american professional football association. That does not roll off the tongue...
Not at all! How do you feel about who won the Super Bowl this year?
I was fine with it. I appreciate the excellence. You?
Same!  How can you deny Tom Brady. He is crazy good! It was nice chatting with you. 
Hey, I love the Lions and the teammate Ndamukong Suh.
I am from Chicago so I must hate the Lions. Bear down! He eventually signed with the Rams.
Oh nice! I am a huge Packers fan from California! Ha. Ndamukong spent three years with the Dolphins.
How do you become a packers fan in California? It is in my blood to despise them.
I know, it's a weird thing! I should be a Rams fan.
Did you move from Wisconsin?
No, I just married a Packer fan and we had Packer babies. Ha! We met at a Ramones concert a long long time ago. The Ramones traveled a lot and did concerts for 20 years non stop.
I love the ramones. Almost as much as I love Hybrid Theory!
Oh yeah, me too! The Ramones played 2,263 concerts over the years. I saw the Go-Go's open for them with the Flaming Lips.
The Flaming Lips? They're that old (not that the Ramones are old but comparatively)? 
Yep, I saw them in the very beginning. They are from Oklahoma City and were just a local band that was unknown. 
Wow. That's cool. I love the "I saw them in a bar with 20 people" stories. I have one about Dave Matthews but the venue had like 2,000 in 1993
Oh wow! That is cool. I have never seen Dave Matthews. I actually watched that show at Oklahoma University (OU), the home of Mayfield!  
Nice. He almost quit football for gaming. Would've been a poor choice.
Oh man! That is a fun fact for sure! I had learned that the University of Iowa's locker room is painted pink, for the visiting teams. HAHA! Another poor choice!!
I wonder if that actually works. Scientifically, have they proved it works or is it just some pink paint?
I am pretty sure it is just used for getting under their skin. I bet it has zero proof behind the idea. Did you know that the yellow line superimposed on the tv was the creation of ESPN?
Didn't they win an emmy for that line? I had no idea the bar was so low for emmys
HA! I know it, right? Super low.
The game only has 11 minutes too! Why give it to something with only 11 minutes of useful life?
Yeah, totally right! Football is called soccer in a lot of places too, lol
Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.
I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.
I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family?  Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?
Yeah I believe so. 
Do you know why there aren't any female NFL players?
No, I'm not sure. I guess it's because the nfl is against females playing football.
They don't have a written rule against female players. I guess a female hasn't tried yet.
Oh, well at least females can play, hopefully there will be one day. 
Yeah, especially when the game is really only 11 minutes if you take away all the timeouts and commercials.
That's pretty crazy to think about. Speaking of football, apparently Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's high school football team.
I seen Snoop and his son on Netflix.  A show about the football team.
That's cool I didn't know they were on Netflix.
Snoop was the coach and it was pretty interesting.
Oh that is so cool.
His son ended up quitting football.  
Aw, that's sad. The stadium in Allen, Texas seats 18,000 and cost at least 60 million to build!
Oh that is alot of money!  It should be able to host the Super Bowl the first Sunday in February next year.
It's a high school football stadium, so I don't know if that is a thing or if it's only for universities. 
Well all I know is the Super Bowl is the best of the NFC and AFC and it comes down to one champ out of 32 teams.
It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl. 
Me too although it was pretty boring this year.
Yeah, it was very boring.
Have a great night.
Hi, do you like th NFL?
I do like the NFL. Do you?
I do. My favorite team is the Chicago Bears. Do you have a favorite?
I like the Ravens and the Eagles!
Both really good teams! Although they only play 11 minutes of game time, I still enjoy it.
That is crazy how short the live game actually is. Did you hear about the tracking chips in players shoulder pads?
I did read something about it. Do you know anything about them that you shed some light on for me?
They record a players every move on the field! That is so much data.
I know. I wonder what they actually do with the data. Do teams use it or just the NFL.
I am not sure. I bet every sport will eventually have trackers like that. 
Yeah, maybe except baseball. That seems pretty easy to track.
True. They even have the tracking chips inside the footballs.
I wonder why they still need a chain gang to measure 10 yards then...
I am not sure. I am surprised by they do not have it all computerized. 
I get irriated when I watch tennis and they can determine in/out in 7 seconds but the NFL runs out old guys with sticks to determine if it went 10 yards... Seems dated.
I agree. Do you know when the first nfl playoff game was played?
I have no idea. When?
In 1932 on an 80 yard long dirt field. 
That's a long time ago! And 80 yards? Were the players out of shape and could only go 80 yards?
I am not sure how it worked. It was in Chicago. 
It was probably at Wrigley and that's the longest they could make the field. Nice chatting with you!
hi how are you doing? do you like cars?
I am ok, yes I like cars a lot, I even have a huge car collection of toys cars, I was saving for years.
i dont have a car at the moment. i do like cars though. what do you think of south africa?
Wow that something that it's legal to equip car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking.
i wonder how many people actually do that. it cant be cheap to do it and maybe other people could get hurt.
Yes you are right, I wonder Jann Mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in a video game?
is that true? that sounds impossible. how long would it take to play that many games?
Long time, I guess that just build him/her confident to the max, as it became almost like a real reality.
i guess, i would still want to practice behind the wheel of the real thing for a while before racing.
Have you owned a car in the past, I had a sport car back in the days, I like that car so much, because It reminds me of a race car and it had loud pipes and it was a shift.
i used to have a car. its an expense that i try to avoid if i can. it was a used car, it ran, thats about it. it was automatic.
Did you know that Mcdonald's added a drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers that weren't allow to get out of there cars while wearing fatigues.
it thought that the drive thru was way older than that because the us has such a car culture. great innovation in keeping us overfed and immobile. LOL
Yes you are right, do you watched a lot of TV when you aren't busy, Do you still have some of the old black and white TV in your closet?
no i dont. i did watch one when i was young. painful for playing video games. now the tvs are so huge they dominate the room.
You are right, I don't remember the black and white TV having any extra plugs, I think only for an antenna.
yes, you had to attach the video game via the antenna,then switch to channel 3. now it's all computers
Yes, it all built in, the black and white TV people couldn't tell what color was anything. Some people place color plastic over their screen.
that is going back a long way!Anyway, great chat!
There are over 750 episodes of pokemon, It was nice chatting with you also.
thanks! good night!
Good night to you also.
Do you watch any television shows?
i dont really watch tv these days. you?
I don't either, mostly sports. I did watch a lot of south park back in the day, did you ever watch that?
yes, i liked south park. it has been a great show. it seems to stay relevant.
Yea, they made fun of family guy once, and the simpsons creators sent them flowers for it.
yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.
Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode
i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent. 
yea they do. I wonder why also. Did you ever watch pokemon?
no, i never did. its a kids show, right?
Yea, I used to love watching it. It was has 750 episodes, i don't think i watched them all though. It was so good.
really? ok. i know that it is tied to toys and video games, so i wondered if it was good for adults too
yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?
no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.
You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.
shows dont always travel well to other cultures, and i guess a verbatim remake is flat. the casting wouldnt work either.
no they don't. One show did and that was the office. So amazing. ANother was thomas the train, ever see that one?
the office was very different in the uk i think. americans would want a different show. i never saw thomas, its for kids, yes?
They are both on netflix so I have seen both. Thomas the train was voiced over by many famous actors
ok. yes thomas probably would attract a lot of talent. it has a classy look, if i remember right.
For sure, they have to be good. It was so nice chatting with you, take care!
Good evening!  I hope you are well!  How do you think the US would be if the runner up in the presidential race became the Vice President like it was prior to 1805?
hello,  I dont think that would work for our current situation lol Those 2 do not get a long lol 
It would be crazy that is for sure!  Maybe our next election can feature a sing-off.  If the President of Indonesia can release three pop music albums, it might just work!  lol
I think that would be quite entertaining!  Thats pretty good,  making albums and running a country,  multi tasking!
It would be the icing on the cake if we could have a President Banana like Zimbabwe did!
lol why?
Just because it would be funny and add levity to what is always so serious.  Trump may seem silly, but  some equate him to a boxer that means business.
I see.  Did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house?  lol
So it pays a little more to be the guest than the actual resident!  LOL
lol right!  Maybe the president of zimbabwe can do a concert there!
Indonesia, but the Zimbabwe president may be just as talented LOL!   I wouldn't mind having some presidential money, but it's surprising to know that the wealthiest were JFK, George Washington, and Thomas Jefferson.  
Oh sorry indonesia lol That info may possibly be wrong,  last time I checked Trump was the wealthiest by a lot!  
I was wondering unless it was adjusted for age, etc.  At any rate, I'm not making anything like that! I'm the kind that needs to have access to free websites and radio stations, though that can come in handy.  Did you know you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas online without spending anything?
Nice!  Do you like classic radio dramas?  I dont think I would use that service,  I really like audio books.  I gues soliders used to make radios out of pencil and razor!  wow!
That's amazing.  I wonder how they figured that out.  I wonder if they were Canadian if they had to somehow listen to 40% Canadian content like the current law states.  :)
probably not,  they were soliders in wwi
I was just joking because I think the law is sort of absurd.  Listen/play what you want.  If that means you try to only pickup radio storms from Jupiter, then so be it.
Oh lol I guess I missed the joke and read it wrong lol Yeah that canadian law is kinda weird,  but they have a lot of good music,  drake,  celine dion, bryan adams lol ...justin bieber
That is a fair point.  Do you watch much television?
Sort of.  I watch a lot of tv shows and movies,  but I usually stream them,  I dont watch real time tv 
There are so many options.  Take Pokemon; if you are into that, you can binge like 750 episodes worth!  That is crazy..
Oh my,  that is a lot of episodes!  Great for kids!  I have never watched any pokemon.  Its been great chatting with you! 
Hello, do you listen to the radio?
Not really. Do you?
Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station
Ha, kind of freaky that you can hear Jupiter's storms on the AM radio!
I know that is quite something. DO you ever listen to Canadian radios? 
I don't really. I heard that 40 percent of Canadian radio music needs to be Canadian in origin. 
Yeah I guess they like to support their talent. Do you know how soldiers used to make foxhole radios?
They used a razorblade and a pencil. I still don't understand how though!
Yeah that is quite something. DO you speak any latin?
I do not! I wonder how many people do. Maybe enough so that a Finnish radio station broadcasts a weekly program!
Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?
I don't like dramas in general so probably not.
I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to
Interesting. I prefer to watch tv. How about you?
Yes me too, I watch shows mainly like the Simpsons
Do you like Bart? There is only one episode where he doesn't appear and is not mentioned. Wonder where he went!
I love Bart and that is really strange. How about Pokemon, do you ever watch it?
I used to when I was younger. I can't believe there are 750 episodes.
Yeah but they have been around for 16 years
Yeah but it's interesting that there is so much interest that they could make 750 episodes. I found the episodes quite similar to one another. I guess I wasn't a die hard enough fan.
Yeah I guess. How about that 70s show, did you ever watch it?
Yes, I did. It's so funny that they tried to remake it verbatim in the UK.
Hey.  Do you think the Weekly Standard will fail?
Well based on the information I've read it doesn't look good.
Do you think it was directly caused by their Anti Trump stance?
I do. Trump may be unpopular but he is still the Commander and Chief. it was stated that "On a more personal level, with Trump at the head of the party, denouncing him meant jeopardizing decades of investment in a career as a conservative pundit, politician or policy wonk.
I'm not expert, but that sounds like a bad business decision to me
Do you watch a lot of tv programs? 
Yes.  I like the show south park.  I have heard the simpsons crew sent them flowers after their family guy episode. LOL
Yeah the Simpsons made way for a lot of other animated adult shows. Did you know "In the first 400 episodes, homer Simpson has held 188 jobs".
I honestly did not know that.  Do you ever use the radio?  
Only when i'm driving but even thats not very often. This presidency has given SNL so much to work with, reminds me of the Palin, Biden debates. Those were hilarious.  
Yea I liked those too.  Were you ever a fan of pokemon?  It had over 750 episodes!
No i was never a fan but i know of its popularity. I forget what its called but someone got hurt looking for Pokemon 
Really.  It was probably that Pokemon "Go" game where you had to hunt Pokemon on your cell phone.  I never played it.
Me either. Did you know that the only U.S president to have a Phd is Woodrow Wilson
No I did not.  Yet he still wasn't one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents.  That honor goes to JFK, Washington and Jefferson.
Check this out, Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and John Wilkes Booth was in that photo.
That is CRAZY.  So awful that Booth assassinated him.  A Coward and a traitor! 
You asked me about radio earlier, do you listen? 
Sometimes.  I have heard in Canada that laws require radio stations to play at least 40% Canadian music.  What an odd law.
I remember my grandmother telling about a radio show called the shadow. it later became a movie with Alec Baldwin.
Never heard of that movie.  Was it popular?
Yeah for its time. i think it came out in the 80's. hey did you know that one of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist, a fact which baffled contemporary critics.
That's cool!
Good evening.  So Hillary is at it again?
Whats she doing this time.
Promoting her book it looks like.  It's called What Happened.
Haven't heard of it to be honest. 
I've heard of it but haven't read it.  
Its just a good thing its not like it used to be where the runner up in the election became vice president. Then she would be our vice president.
I couldn't see her and the Donald working together.
It would be interesting to see though. 
It would be that.  Trump is quite interesting himself with all his tweets and raging about something or another.  And his kids get in there too.  So much drama in the White House.
Yeah I could see adding hilary to the mix. That would be must see tv.
OMG, it says the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.  They must have as much drama going on over there as we do.
Well the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
That's funny.  I don't think our president is able to do anything outside work because he's had to turn over Trump enterprises to his kids while in office.  So I guess we won't be hearing any music from him.
I could see Trump releasing an album. It would be a whole album dissing Hilary and the dems. 
Sometimes I get aggravated with that.
If I was attacked for everything I do. Every person I tried to put on higpositions got attacked. I think I would be the same way. He knows how to fix the problems we have but the dems try to shut him down at every path. I would be frustrated to.h 
Yeah, I do get that.  But he goes back and forth.  The lawyer, for example, was his best friend.  he talked about him so highly and then the lawyer got in trouble and now he is dissing him.  I just don't get it.  But enough Trump talk.  Did you see that in one episode of the Simpsons Bart does not appear, nor is mentioned?
I always watched for homer to be honest. Lol. Dope.
Duh.  LOL.  But Bart is always into some mischief.  He could def be one of my boys.
Yeah I liked bart to, but homer was funny. 
Yeah, I liked the babysitter episode.  Homer definely wanted that candy.
Lol. He sure did. Have a good one
Intresting that they paired TV, and Radio with President.
I agree. I find it really funny how South Park made the Family Guy episode, they actually got flowers from the people who made the Simpsons
Well, artists often do things saying they respect each others work.
Very true. Speaking of the Simpsons, did you know there's only 1 episode ever where Bart isn't in it?
I saw that. I wonder what that episode was about? 
I couldn't tell you the exact one. I could tell you that there are over 750 episodes of one of my favorite shows "Pokemon"
I've never seen it. I kind of think of Pokemon as a game.
It's a show and a game. It's been running for over 16 years now!
What channel is tat on?
That's a good question. I'm not sure. I think it plays on various channels.
Maybe it's on Netflix like Voltron.
I know the movies are! Do you like listening to the radio?
No, I've done streaming like Spotify for years.
I find some trivia on radio interesting though. Jupiter has strong radio storms that can be picked up from AM radio!
That was cool. I'm surprised that a simple AM radio can do that.
I was too! But hey, it's even weirder that Canadian laws require 40% of the music to be Canadian. I find that hilarious
I saw that. I imagine that makes for some weird playlists for djs
Oh yeah for sure. There's a Finnish radio station that has a news programme entirely in Latin.
That's strange too, but at least it's only one radio show.
I think it's pretty cool! Then again, I go to a website that has a lot of classic radio drama for free
Like thos old radio serials from before tv was popular?
Do you know much about presidents?
Hello, do you like television?
I do.  I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.
I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?
Yeah, I heard that.  It was because of the parody, right.
I think so lol. There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart is not in.
I know, that is kind of crazy.  I guess i never noticed that.  He is just always around.
Yep me either. I saw the 70's show was made in the UK and was cancelled after only 10 shows.
Wow, I guess they didnt love it like people did here.  Did you realize that in the first 400 episodes of the SImpsons Homer had 188 jobs.  I thought he always worked at the plant.
Oh wow that's a lot of jobs. I had no idea.
Me neither, that kind of shocked me.  Do you remember the Treehouse of Horror xxi from the Simpsons?
I do not remember that. Was it a good episode?
It had Daniel Radcliffe voicing Edward Cullen.  
Oh wow that's awesome. Do you like the radio?
I do, listen more to podcasts.  But I love jamming out to the radio
Me too. Did you know you can hear Jupiter radio storms on Earth?
That is cool, Ill have to check that out.  You can also listen to the sun's music, too.
That's pretty cool too. Soldiers in WWII made simple radios by using razorblades and pencils.
I couldnt even figure that one out now.  That was pretty genius of them.
Very cool and probably helped out with morale too
I bet, entertainment was likely very important.  Plus a great way to keep up with info.
it was great chatting with you.
Do you think  what Nick Saban did to the ESPN reporter was ok?
I was wondering the same thing. I think personally that it was definitely wrong to snap even if you have a legitimate reason to be so tense. 
Exactly. you can have some sympathy, without telling them what they are asking you, but reposters can be intense.
Yes definitely but it's just general wisdom to try to maintain patience and meet frustrating situations with a level head of course. But then again, he did apologize so it's not like he's some bad guy at all.
Do you think Saban will call the reporter and apologize?
Actually I heard that he already did, or at least someone tweeted as much.
Didn't know. To be honest I am surprised he did. 
Oh really, why is that? I'm sure he realized that people would probably be able to empathize with his frustration with the reporters, so why not apologize. 
He is definitely not the kind of people who apologize and if he did, I am pretty sure he was being pressure by the media.
Oh, hmm maybe that tweet by James Miller was incorrect I guess. What makes you think he's not the type to apologize?
I am pretty good at telling how people are by the way their behave. And this is not the first time he responds like that.
Oh I didn't know that, when did he do it before?
Almost most of the time he is being interview. Thats why the reporter said: We got it weeks ago, with the exasperated sighs and snarky responses that come whenever you face reporters' questions
Oh yes, that's true but at least that's not as explosive as he behaved with Maria Taylor recently.
Really?! What did he did to her? Haven't heard about it.
He snapped at her, and gave an abrasive response to a fair question.
Wow!! Thats way too much. Dont you think he should be suspended?
I'm not sure, he did apologize at least but I am not so familiar with the context of how they usually punish off the field behavior like that. I guess some sort of penalty would be fair, but maybe not a whole suspension?
You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.
I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy. 
And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.
Yeah exactly. 
