Are you a football fan?
yes, I'm. a football fan.
Did you now that the university of Iowa's visiting football teams locker room is painted pink?
Yes, I do.  I think they want to intimidate the visiting teams. 
Something like that would just make me mad and geek my team up! You?
Yes, LOL. Do you know about ESPN winning an emmy?
Yes and that superimposed line made life a little easier, lol! Hard to believe that there are only 11 minutes of live game play.
Yes, what did they do the rest of the time?
I know right! Did you know that in the 60's top bowler made more than top nfl players?
I do.  They now make pennies compared to professional football players.
I would hope so, just goes to show how little the nfl paid back then. Do you know what the highest scoring football game was?
NFL or college football?
Think college back in the day when they wore those ridiculous helmets. 
Cumberland was defeated by Georgia Tech. The scores were 222-0.  It was in 1916.
Yup and i know my hint helped, lol. Did you know in Austria they call football rugby?
Yes.  I wonder why though.  Do you know why?
Apparently the different variations are called football codes. It's called other things in other countries.
Green-Ellis, an RB, has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.
Now that's an achievement. Do you know if he's in the hall of fame?  
No, I do not think so other wise I would have heard.
Do you watch tv at all? It's just a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news.
Yes, I do watch television once a day.  I like to watch national news.  I've got to run now.  Great chats!
I love to watch TV, what about you?
Yes, sometimes.  I watch the NFL a lot.  While I'm not a fan of the Redskins.  I do like Adrian Peterson.  He's a machine that can run and run, without fumbles. 
Do you prefer watching NFL or attending the event?
I would prefer live it the weather's good. The bad thing is that the possibility of injury is a big concern, especially for QBs. 
Ah see. Most of the stadiums can be changed to indoors.. right? I feel like people watch the game for the QB.. 
I'm not sure how many are outdoors only.  I like to watch managers and coaches like Gruden.  Fun to see their reactions. 
The pissed off reactions?
Sometimes.  Sometimes it's a happy reaction.  Like when Brad Johnson threw a TD pass to himself in a Superbowl!
I don't really know how NFL came to be though. There's so many different variations of football that exist... rugby, gridiron, soccer... just so many
I think there were college people that still wanted to play. 14 of the 25 largest stadiums are U.S. college stadiums. 
With all the prevention on the high school level against concussions... isn't that the end of the game already if the parents don't want their kids to go into football?
I played in HS and my parents made the call.  My mom didn't like the idea.  I didn't have my dad do the fight song like Snoop Dogg's son. 
Hopefully you are still throwing the ball around on your free time? 
Yeah, I do with my nephew and brother once in a while.   My son's are far away unfortunately.  I'm no QB through and not left-handed like Kellan Moore (the only left-handed QB in the NFL)
Are you able to run and do carries like adrian peterson?
Yeah, in my dreams.  Did you know that only two African-American QBs have won the Superbowl.  Too bad Warren Moon didn't.
there also seems to be more records being broken every year... especially when the Patriots have been at the superbowl so many times...
Yeah.  I wonder in Homer Simpson has a record for having 188 jobs in 400 episodes?
Lol. gotta love the simpsons. been on the air for so long.
Yeah.  I still get a kick out of Homer. I'm not much for things like "The Shark Tank."  I hear the deals they make are phony.
Well a lot of people go on shark tank just to get the name out. I think that does wonder than actually get a deal with any of the members on shark tank.
That's true.  Thanks, you were an excellent chat partner!
Hey there do you have a favorite quarterback? I personally don't watch the NFL that much but I do like Tom Brady
I don't have a favorite QB. I guess Brady just won the SB again. How many times is that? 
I think it's 6 at this point isn't it? another quarterback I like is Kellen Moore. He's the only left-handed quarterback in the league
Why the small number of lefties? Does it have something to do with setting up the offense differently for a lefty?
It might be? I wonder if it gives him an advantage or a disadvantage being left-handed? what quarterbacks are geniuses though like Alex Smith oh, have you heard of him
Alex Smith? What team does he play for? Why is he a genius?
Well he took a lot of AP tests when he was in high school and so he got into his university as a junior. Then he got his bachelor's degree in only 2 years and was almost through his master's degree before becoming the first choice in the 2005 draft
Impressive. Got through college that fast, then studied at the graduate level while playing ball? Bright guy.
Yes I think so. Another interesting guy is Baker Mayfield. He's a quarterback and thought about becoming a professional gamer before finally getting drafted into the NFL
I wonder how many girls he would get as a gamer. Seems like the popularity factor is better with the NFL.
Oh he made the right choice haha. Another guy who made the right choice is Paul D Hubbard, he was a deaf quarterback and created the circular huddle that football players use today
I guess I thought the huddle was something that was there from the beginning. A deaf QB? I wonder how well he did.
That's what I was wondering too. I guess maybe he could still yell out calls and different things like audibles, but you'd think that you would have to be hearing in order to be a quality quarterback. But he did invent the Huddle so he's done more for football than me haha
True. What do you think of U of Iowa's locker room painting tactic?
I don't know, I'd be curious if that would help or hurt them. If I went into a locker room and it was painted tank it would make me mad and I would play better I think haha. What do you think?
I would get mad too. If that tactic worked, then other teams would copy it.
Yep I think so. Although I wonder if that's what happened for the highest scoring football game of all time. It was 222 to 0 maybe the winning team had the other team's locker room painted pink LOL
that's true. Or maybe somebody goofed when they made the schedule. Why would GT do that to a team? Seems wrong.
I know right! It's a hundred to zero I think the game is officially over haha. Do you like the Patriots at all? I know they have a player that's never fumble the ball which I think is awesome
I hope he got a bonus for that feat. That's amazing. He must have special gloves or something. What's his name?
His name is benjarvis Green-Ellis, and yes you must have a secret as to how he was able to pull that off haha although I would be very concerned every time I played because every game you play is a chance to ruin that record haha
Hello how are you doing?
Hello, I am doing great, you? Do you like football?
I love it. Did you know that top bowlers used to make more than football stars did?
I love it also! That is interesting, I wonder how much more football players make now than bowlers
I would say it is a whole lot  these days. 
I agree lol. Did you know the first nfl playoff game was played in 1932 on an 80 yard field in chicago
thats amazing. Look what it has grown into. Billions of dollars in it. Millions and millions of fans. Its great.
Right! Now they even have chip technology in players should pads tracking data for them
That really is amazing technology. Did you know that Benjarvis green ellis has never fumbled in his career. 
I heard that before, that is a great feat! He needs to teach a clinic to these new era RBs on how to hold on to the ball!
Well there had to be a touch of luck involved. He played for a long time. 
for sure! I liked his name lol. Do you know the Lions coach Matt Patricia?
Yeah didnt he use to coach in new england 
Yea the assistant, now coaches the Lions. The guy is a rocket scientist!
Really. I wonder if that helps him with football at all. Other than having a really good mind. 
I was thinking the same thing. Do you watch college football at all?
Not really. I did hear that the University of Iowas visiting locker room is painted pink. I thought that was pretty funny.
That is true, I live down the street from that stadium. It is because pink has a natural calming effect on people who see it!
Yeah Im sure thats why. Lol.
For sure, maybe why they are good at home for football. It was very nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you to. Have a great day.
Hey how are you, you think CTE is real?
I think its real, players end up with brain damage and that is a sad thing
For sure, I wonder how much of it is in the player before they start too? Got to have something going on there to want to play in the NFL but yah, too many concussions is way too much and too many people getting hurt. 
Yeah traumatic brain injuries that are also difficult to diagnose, the symptoms take a long time to disappear. 
They do, usually caused by repeated blows to the head, very difficult to diagnose indeed. It's something but no one wants to pay attention to it it seems. 
Did you watch that movie the one with Will Smith? I thought it was revealing and the game should evolve and change for the better
What was that movie called again? I did see it, was it called Concussion right?
Yeah I think thats it, self explained name when you think about it and also ''chronic traumatic encephalopathy" sounds like a serious condition.
That line "Tell the truth" is pretty iconic in my opinion, it was a good movie for sure. Made me view the NFL a bit different. I guess it makes us think if millions of dollars for a few years is worth all that?
I don't think it is, I do love the game but think it should be safer for players. Have you ever heard of Gaelic football?
I have not, what is Gaelic Football? Is it like rugby?
Its another variation of football haven't watched it but I guess its also really interesting. 
Very interesting. I wonder if it has more than 11 minutes of live football like the NFL has on average per game.
That is not a lot of time, the Superbowl was really long lasted more than 3 hours
Oh wow, that was such a boring Super Bowl though, Tom Brady is so good, and I'm not even a fan of his lol.
Yeah, he is one of the best QB ever to play the game. Engineers end up earning more money than football players
I could see that, I'm sure NFL players have a lot more fun in their 20s, maybe not so much their 40s and 50s though when they are so sore haha.
I have no idea about that lol, what are your thoughts on the tracking chips the players have embedded in their shoulders. 
I think it's pretty cool, the chips help them with their analytics, that's why you see so many 3's in the NBA now, they've studied all the data and for some people it's beneficial to lob 3s instead of jumpers.
Oh so you are basketball fan as well and yeah it is pretty cool all the interesting stats we can learn thanks to those chips.
For sure, data is really changing the world. Great talking with you though, I hope you have a great night! Take care!
Do you like sports?
I do, did you watch the Superbowl last month?
It was okay
I liked it, my favorite team was playing although it was a slow Superbowl. 
Which team? How was their performance
The Patriots and their perfomance was good considerng they won, what do you think of brain damage and the game
I like the patriots too. Much like the lannisters of football
They have dominated the NFL for a while so yeah, thats a valid analogy, 
Ya and they have amazing players like brady. Surprised he is still playing, but his performance is still solid
I agree, he is 40 years old but still one of the best QB on the league, wonder how much money he makes, must be a lot
I hear his wife still makes more. Power couple
She is a famous model or was a famous model to think engineers actually end up winning more than pro football players
I think it is due to the high rate of injury leading to early retirement for many players
Yeah, football players carreers seem to be short due to injuries, did you hear about the tracking chips they have?
In their shoulder pads or in the football?
Both, I guess that they give all kinds of interesting stats, 
I wonder if it is any help in reducing injuries
I think it could, if you meassure the impact and then find a way to protect the players
I don't think protective football gear has evolved much
No, I hear they wanted to change certain rules to protect players but easier said than done, 
In any case, I hope less people get injured. Thanks for chatting.
Are you a fan of Nick Foles and the Eagles?
No. I like the New York Giants.
I remember the day when Bowlers made more money than NFL players
Really?  That is very surprising to me.  When was this?
I believe it was back in the 60s.
I have heard that the highest scoring football game was 222-0
Yeah that was a college game. I believe it was against a division II team named Cumberland
Yep! All the way back in 1916.
This years football season has ended and now it is time for the playoffs. 
The best team from the NFC will play the best team from the AFC.  This is called the superbowl. 
Do you prefer the American version of football or the English or Australian versions?
The American version for sure.
ESPN has added a field goal line to their emmy winning yellow line for first downs
I find it interesting there is no rule preventing women from playing in the NFL.
I hope to see one in the NFL sooner, at least as a kicker
That would be interesting.  You may be surprised to know that a typical NFL game only has 11 minutes of gameplay.
Yeah, I spend hours in front of the tv only to be watching a few short minutes of the actual game
It's frustrating when you put it like that.
That is where they make all the money, the ads and constant commercials
The NFL uses tracking chips on their players as well.
Do you know why?
Jerry Jones plays football.
He actually own the Dallas Cowboys. Apparently he has been pushing for an 18 game season.
Yeah, I thought he was a player, but he is the owner. I like the commercial with the two football players who make cupcakes.
Ha ha. Troy Aikman disagrees with expanding the season by two games on account of the players health and he has many supporters with the recent research regarding brain health. I agree with Troy.  
Does mean sickness or injuries?
Injuries leading to brain damage over time. Jones has countered by saying they could shorten the pre-season by two games to even it out and it would be even safer. But I disagree with that because teams are more careful with their players in pre-season for fear of them being injured for the actual season when it counts. 
I don't know. CTE is dangerous, but they can't diagnosis it officially until someone is dead due to the way the test is performed on the brain,
True but they seem to be finding at least some degree of it in the majority of autopsies they have performed. Jones also cited more money as a reason to extend the season which I believe is his only real motivation. I find that upsetting when he has to have more money than he could possibly spend at this point. It's very greedy. 
It's greedy and dangerous
That's true. It seems to damage their impulse control. He says the players would make more but there is no guarantee of that and I don't think it's worth their health. They are already making a staggering amount of money. 
I think it won't pass. NFL is a big corporation.
I don't think it will either. Did you know that the average football game only has 11 minutes of actual live game play! I knew that they felt way too full of commercials and interruptions.  
Yes, the commercials make a lot of money.
Yes, that is a prime advertising time. I do not like the way they treat their cheerleaders. Saints cheerleaders aren't even allowed to eat in the same restaurant as players and if a player enters and they are already eating, they have to stop eating and leave. 
That's probably due to sexual harassment. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
Not sure because i also recently found out that the cheerleaders make nearly minimum wage which is ridiculous. That's interesting. I know those were the height of entertainment at one point but I wonder if they hold up now.  
Radios are interesting. Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
That's pretty fascinating especially given the distance. 
Yeah, I wonder if aliens listen to music. 
I know we have sent music into space just in case. 
I didn't know that. Hopefully soothing music.
It's been a while since I heard the list but I know there is some classical in there. 
Do you like the NFL?
Yes I do. Did you know that women can play in it as well?
Yes there is no rule in place that says that they cannot play
Yes and if they qualify they are good to go and play
Yes. The gameplay is averaged at 11 minutes anyways

Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end

True. Did you know engineers make more than footballers over the lifetime?
Yes but they also have longer careers so that helps I think
Yes true. Did you hear of that rule for the Saints cheerleaders?
Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
Yes and they have to leave mid meal also if they walk in
Yes it is so sexist and it really needs to go
I agree. DO you watch much tv?
A lot actually. I like to watch the Simpsons and you?
Nice me too. There is an episode where Bart does not appear

Yes and he is not even mentioned in it

Yeah. How about That 70s SHow?
Yes I like it but in the UK it really flopped
Yes after just 10 episodes because they remade it verbatim
Yeah their bad and mistake. Nice chat
Same here and have a good one
Hi, Do you like NFL?
Yes, I watch a little.  What about you?
I am big fan of NFL. The 32 teams are great.

Do you have a favorite NFL team?
Yes, The team was New England Patriots. What is your favorite team?
That's cool, The New England Patriots are my favorite team, as well!
That's great. And they win the 6 NFL championships.
Yes, they are great.  Did you watch them play in the Superbowl in February?
Yes, I did. It was great.
Yes, it was, but it seemed like it took three hours to play.  Especially, when you consider theaverage NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
An average professional football game lasts 3 hours and 12 minutes, but if you tally up the time when the ball is actually in play, the action amounts to a more 11 minutes. ppart of the discrepancy has to do with the basic rules of american football.
I feel there is alot of wasted time.
Maybe, It was waste of time. the NEP Owner was Robert Kraft.
Yes, he's the owner.  On a different subject, do you watch television?
Yeah, I watch television. Because i love watch movies, comedy shoes, and sports.
Me too!  Have you ever watched, "The Simpsons"?
I like The Simpsons. It was released in 1989. 
Did you see the episode where Bart is neither seen or mentioned?
I watch all 30 seasons. What about you?
Oh, wow, you are a big fan!  I never remember seeing this episode, though.
I also can't remember that series. But i was great.
Yes, it was a great show!  Well, it has been nice chatting with you this morning.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Yes, I really happy to chat with you.
Have a good day!
Good morning! Do you like football?
Hello there, I do enjoy football, both american and international, how about you?
I do! I'm learning a lot of Jerry Jones! Have you heard of him?
Oh yeah the Cowboys owner, I thought they would have made a longer run in this years playoffs, are you a Cowboys fan?
I am! He is trying to expand to 18 games instead of the 16 they have now.
Yeah I could agree, if they took two of the preseason games away. 
I agree! Who wants to deal with a unexpected brain injury?
Exactly! Did you ever see the Concussion movie with Will Smith?
I haven't! is it good? Did you watch it on tv?
Yeah I thought it was really good, and it really makes you concerned about all of the brain damage football players of all ages take during the game. 
I will have to look that up. I wonder how that would affect female players in the NFL? There is no written rule against them.
I think I read about that, I think it would be so cool if a female player did make a roster and made an impact in the league. 
One has been drafted! With only 11 minutes of actual play, maybe the chances are low of her getting one.
That is very true, I don't think most people realize just how little actual gameplay there is in games. 
The NFL tracking chips that are in the players uniforms have been quite handy for finding info like that out!
Yeah they sure have, I hope they are using that technology to help with player safety as well. 
Me too! Have you ever watched the 70's show?
Yeah I sure have, I grew up in Wisconsin and had a very similar teen life lol.  How about you?
I just loved watching it! Was a lot of fun! But did you know they tried to remake it in the UK and it bombed?
Yeah I heard they did it verbatim and it was really bad!
I guess the UK could just not relate! I watch the simpsons, but have you seen F is for Family?
I love the Simpsons, but wish they would have stopped making the show after season 12 or so. 
Kinda getting old isn't it? Too bad! Kinda like Pokemon for me! My kids loved that show!
That is incredible how many shows they made.  It was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
Hi there! Do you have a football team that you like?
Not really. I'm not into sports that much, but it's an interesting subject to me. Do you have a favorite team?
I do. I love football facts. I know former NFL'er Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled a football in his NFL career.
I guess recently discoveries have been made linking football to traumatic brain injury (obviously) but even worse, also degenerative brain disease and chronic encephalopathy! I'll be looking more into it, as I said, I'm interested :)
I believe it. It is a rough sport.
Absolutely! running back Larry Johnson is battling self destructive impulses and surely CTE. It seems unfair to me, to have a sport in which the players are suffering for the rest of their lives!
Wow. I had no idea of such issus. Hard to believe the NFL has no rules against females playing in the league as long as they can meet eligibility requirements.
Shake my head! And I was just reading about it and found out that in the 60's top  bowlers made twice as much as top football stars! We should all just go back to bowling! It's much safer :)
Far safer indeed! Amazing that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live game play.
Yeah that is amazing! I would think the average game play would be much longer. Hm. I wonder why! So, it's hard to believe women could play too, but they might not be as offended if they were playing against the university of Iowa who painted the visiting teams locker room pink! HA! Talk about good sportsmanship :)
No kidding! Did you know the NFL uses tracking chips to track player movement?
No I didn't! I hope they put the chips in say the shoes or helmets versus implanting them in the players bodies! The very idea of tracking chips scares me!
They put the chips in the players shoulder pads so they can track every move the player makes on the field.
Oh whew! Okay. that isn't sooo bad :) I wonder why the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurant as any NFL player! I heard that if the cheerleader is eating at a restaurant and any player comes in, she has to leave! That's absurd!
Sounds sexist if you ask me. An engineer's average lifetime salary is higher than that of an NFL player. Not as exciting, but interesting.
Something tells me that being an engineer is much safer than being an NFL player. Hard to say which job would be more satisfying or more worthy of doing. Considering engineers get paid more, I'd go with that job! 
I would agree. It is notable though that it is only a 17 week regular playing season for NFL teams.
Oh wow! If that is per year, I'd love to only work 4 months and 1 week a year. But I'm sure they have to practice and do other things, like media events throughout the year. So maybe I will look into being an engineer and put my football dreams behind me. Haha. Kidding of course :)
I would too. It was really nice chatting with you today!
Thanks! Same to you! I hope you have a wonderful day!
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Hey, there, fellow chatter! How are you doing?
Good thanks. How are you? Do you like football?
I enjoy the sport called football, but I do not watch it much. You?
I don't watch it a lot either. I dont really understand it though ESPN's superimposed line does help a lot. They won an emmy for it.
Must have been a weak field of competition that year. Next year, they change the color, and win another award.
Haha. It's amazing how much popularity football has gained. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
Bowlers had the ideal physique in the day, is my guess. People wanted to look like them, in their polyester pants and multicolored shoes.
Oh, yes! Well, maybe if I was around for the football game where a team lost 0-222, I would be interested in football.
Could you make money on the game though? And was there just 11 minutes of action in that game?
Haha there would have had to be more right?!
The Cumberland players would have made more money as engineers.
I find it interesting that average earnings of engineers is higher than average of fooball players
Plus there are fewer concussions in engineering. Probably engineers have better helmets. No cheerleaders though.
Yeah, too bad there is no respect for the cheerleaders in NFL. Saints Cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant even if they are already eating, if players want to eat there.
I guess the cheerleaders have to wear tracking chips so that the team knows what restaurant they're in.
Haha, yeah I find it cool how technology has advanced so much in the NFL but I certainly hope tracking isn't necessary off the field.
That would be terrible for the players, but perhaps quite entertaining for fans. Speaking of entertainment, did you ever play the NES?
I used to! It only had 54 colors!
And plenty of games. It got retired in 2003, well before it's time. It should have been here for another century.
Haha, true but I would have though it retired way before then! 
Too many people loved that little system. Anyway, I enjoyed the chat!
Yeah I did too!
Hi there, hope you are having a good afternoon. When you hear the word football, do you think of American or Canadian football or rugby?
I actually think of soccer lol, 
Well, so do a lot of people around the world! It's funny that the top bowlers in 1960 made more than the top NFL players. I'm sure that's not true anymore for american football or soccer!
I dont think its true anymore, pro football and soccer players make a ton of money, bowling was a popular sport back then, not as much today
Ye, the games have changed over the years. Like when ESPN started superimposing the yellow first down line over the field. They won an Emmy for that, which is also amazing!
I guessed the creation of the line is of great contribution to the game not only back then but it changed the game forever
It made history for sure. Speaking of history, I've seen a few Georgia Tech games when I lived close by but wow, their score of 222-0 made the history books as the highest ever score!
That is a humiliating defeat, I wonder if the other team was blind
Can't really imagine how that happened! What else do you enjoy for entertainment? Did you play Nintendo back in the day?
I did, I liked it, it was primitive only 54 colors right?
Yes, hard to imagine back then, what game systems would become. Japan continued to sell them until 2003 but then they finally stopped.
I guess nobody was buying them anymore, still a great system, I used to play the Mario games in that console and then Nintendo 64
My kids also loved Bill Ney the Science Guy too! I never thought he looked like Steve Martin but apparently he won a look-alike contest!
They look like twin brotheres lol, that show was really fun, I liked it, was informative and interesting
Ronald Regan was another TV and movie star, and he even played a football player too. Funny that he lost a part because he did look Presidential!
That is funny! they had it all wrong then, 
Another thing I think is wrong is that the New Orlean's football team makes their cheerleaders leave a resturant if a player comes in. I get that they don't want them to socialize but that seems wrong on several levels.
I heard about that rule and it makes me so angry, that is really unfair to cheerleaders having to leave in the midle of your meal just because a player comes in, makes me really angry
I guess they would be better off being an engineer than cheerleaders anyway. Engineers have a much higher lifetime earning than NFL players do!
Maybe thats because they tend to have longer carreers but I agree, football also causes brain damage and unwanted injuries
Right and who wants that. I guess the cheerleaders could also go out for the team, since there is no ban of female players! Then they wouldn't have to leave and they wouldn't get head injuries very often either!
I guess they could also play, they can switch roles and it will be the other way around 
hi how are you? do you like sports?
Hi there, I'm good thank you.  I love sports!  How about you?
I like basketball and football. sometimes i get a chance to watch. 
I used to be really into basketball when I was growing up, I still watch my favorite team though.  Do you know what the highest grossing basketball movie ever was?
I enjoyed playing when I was younger. I try to watch the finals. The highest grossing? What?
The top grossing basketball movie ever? It was Space Jam.  Did you hear there is another Space Jam in the works?
Another one? With LeBron? I guess that makes sense. the producers probably waited until another superstar appeared.
Yeah I think so, I think Lebron will be the star of the movie.  
Yeah, he just makes so much money. endorsements, salary. it is amazing. 
He sure does, I wonder if he is among the top grossing athletes around the world?
He makes so much money. I wonder when he'll retire. he is about 34 years old.
He is, and I don't think he will for another few years yet.  Do you follow the NFL at all?
I try to watch the super bowl, and maybe the playoffs. 
Yeah I always watch the Super Bowl, I mostly follow my team.  The playoffs are always exciting as well. 
I usually root for the underdog in the superbowl. i like to seem the long shot do well. 
I think I usually do the same.  Did you there is a high school football stadium in Texas that seats 18,000?
In Texas? Im not surprised. football is a religion in texas.
Yeah they love football down there, especially high school football, I think they take it very seriously. 
Yeah, the fans probably wanted a bigger stadium too. Anyway, great chat!
I guess it cost $60 million to make, wow. Yeah same to you it was fun chatting. 
Have a good night!
Thank you, I hope you do too!
Do you watch the NFL? 
I am a big fan of the NFL, how about you?
I am, but I don't like that there is only 11 minutes of gameplay.
It is sort of frustrating that there is so little actual gameplay. Sometimes it does not feel that way though.
yeah, did you know that an engineer on average makes more than an NFL player?
I know a lot of players have short careers so they don't make as much as the elite players in the league.
Interesting. Did you know that Iowa's locker rooms are painted pink for the visiting team? 
I did not know that. I wonder if they think that will throw off the visiting team's performance? 
I think it does
I don't see that playing a factor with teams these days. I would like to hear an opposing school talk about it
Yeah. Well, you are probably better off being an engineer than an NFL player. 
I would imagine that being an engineer comes with a lot less health risks such as brain damage!
That is for sure! Did you know that in the 60s bowlers made more than football players? 
I know some of the Philadelphia Eagles had to have offseason jobs in the 60s. That's how Chuck Bednarik earned the nickname "Concrete Charlie", he sold concrete when the season was over.
That's crazy, but I can believe it. Maybe they should have been bowlers? 
I would be curious to know why bowlers were being paid so well then.
I suppose there were a lot of fans for bowlers. In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid state employee is a football or basketball coach. 
I think it's pretty crazy that some of these coaches get paid so much. The schools could use that for better purposes.
Yeah, it must be a huge suck on the resources for students education. 
I know they bring a lot of revenue in for schools and you want the best candidates for the job, but other professors must feel real cheated by those salaries.
I hear yah, but I bet if they are tenured they get paid pretty well. 
Are you a football fan?
Yea I watch the nfl and a little college. I'm glad to see Danny Johnson made it onto the Redskins despite playing at Southern University
Yes!  Did you know that the University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink?
Yea, I guess Iowa was trying to psych out the visiting teams by painting the lockers pink
No doubt. lol  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of the day.  Times have sure changed since then.
Yea, Espn won an emmy for it's coverage of the NFL, it's never won an emmy for its bowling coverage
LOL  I love that superimposed line they created.
Yea, it's too bad there was not tv when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0, I'd love to see highlights of that
Talk about a blowout! 
Yea, I wonder how much live gameplay that game had since the NFL averages 11 minutes
lol  Did you know that the NFL has no written rule that prevents females from playing?  Maybe we'll see one someday.  Maybe a kicker?
Possibly, I wonder if a female player was on the Saints if she would not be allowed to be in the same public places as the male players like the cheerleaders are
Isn't that an odd rule to have?  I don't get it.
Yea, the saints rules sounds really outdated and sexist
I agree.  What do you think of the tracking chips they are putting in the players shoulder pads and footballs?  They claim it's to track the players moves on the field and to track the velocity, etc. of the balls.
It's pretty interesting, I know in baseball people are making a big deal out of tracking ball speed and velocity
It's crazy.  I'm wondering with the chips in football could they be programmed so that say the chip in the ball is programmed to go to the the chip in the shoulder pad?  Seems kind of shady...
I guess so but it might be cool if they put chips in basketball, I'd love to know how much force Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's dunk had
I remember him!  He was famous for his hook shot and in college he dunked so much that they banned it for almost a decade!  it's been fun chatting with you!
Yea, I wonder I Jabbar ever coached, they are the highest paid employees in 39 of 50 states
Crazy that those college coaches are paid that much!  Have a good one!
Good morning! Do you like football?
Hey there. Yes I love football. I am sad that the NFL season is over.
I am too.  A 17 week regular season is just too short.
Yeah I agree especially with only 11 minutes of average gameplay per game.
They definitely should make that longer.  Say, I've heard that women can play if they want to and meet the requirements.  Do you think they should?
I think they should if they are good enough but they shouldn't if they are smart. It is such a brutal game. And they don't make all that much because of injuries.
Yeah, the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than that of an nfl player and a mlb player.
Did you hear how the Saints cheerleaders can't interact with the players?
I think I have. Isn't that where if a cheerleader is in a restaurant and a player comes in she has to leave?
Yeah exactly. The NFL even tracks player movements using tracking chips!
You mean on the field right?
Yes on the field! They put it in their shoulder pads and also the football itself!
Wow!  I knew a little about the football but I had no idea they had chips on the players too.
Yeah no wonder they can get such good accurate stats!
You know you're right!  It does make sense when you think about it.  I wonder if they'll ever use those chips like nascar does their cars and be able to tell if players make touchdowns and first downs.
Good question. I also really like the yellow first down marker when watching games on tv. ESPN won an Emmy for that.
I like that too. It makes the game more intense and exciting when you see how far a team has to go to make the first down.
Agreed. I wonder if the NBA uses chips to track stats too? There is even a bball court on top of the USA Supreme Court building.
Hmm, I never thought about that.  If they don't, they should.  That bball court you're talking about by the way is called the highest court in the land.
Oh very cool. Wonder if anyone famous has played there? Kareem abul Jabbar used to have such a dominant dunk that it got banned in college!
It got banned?  He must have been overpowering teams and winning all the time!
Hello!
Hello, do you have good knowledge about football players?
I am not a huge fan of Football but I like Basketball....
Same! I like basketball. I am a big fan of the Golden State Warriors. How about you?
Cool, I am a big fan of Phoenix Suns ...my team!
Nice! Have you been to a game?
Yes, not too many but a few. How about you?
A few as well. I always go to the stadium early to receive bobbleheads of the basketball players.
That's awesome, I have a couple of those too but  bought them from a friend. 
Awww man, I hope they are worth the price. Reading from the factual section 3, I agree that space jam is the highest-grossing basketball movie. Have you watched it?
I think I have but it has been a long time lol....I too think it is interesting that the us supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor how cool is that!
That is cool. I guess they need some exercise after a hard day's work.
True! Basketball is definitely good exercise lol
Do you play?
I did back in school but not anymore. I play softball on a league though and its pretty fun, how about you do you play any sports?
It's been a while since I played a sport. I used to play basketball, but now it's all about tennis and badminton. Of course in this kind of weather is a no no.
Yea, I live in a warm climate so we play sports more in cooler weather when its 70s and 80s outside.
For sure, I bet. I am waiting until the sun comes up.
Have you ever played Football at all or ever had a team you like in the NFL?
Well, in middle school, but not a fan. I only like the 49ers. It is because of my relatives.
Oh, yeah...I only watch sometimes because of friends lol 
It was nice talking to you. Happy New Year.
Happy New Year!!! Bye!
How is it going?  Do you like football?
Hello!  I am.  I prefer college, but I am pumped for the playoffs this weekend!
Awesome!  I don't keep up with football much.  Who is in the playoffs?
`There are four teams from the National and American Football conferences.  The NFC has LA Rams, Cowboys, Eagles, and Saints.  The AFC has KC, LA Chargers, NE, and Indianapolis.
Oh ok,   I only know some of those.  Its kinda crazy to think the nfl actual gameplay is only like 11 min when it usually last about 3-4 hours!  
That is crazy!  To think they spend all that money, going as far as tracking almost every move of a player through specially designed chips for such a relative short time of actual game play.
I heard about that too,  technology has improved so many things,  like also when you are watching football they can draw on the screens and show different plays and when the line is they highlight it.  They also have amazing playback/forward replays!
Great point.  How many of us are indebted to Madden for breaking down football like that?
Probably millions lol football has some weird customs,  what is with a team painting the opposing teams locker room pink?
Ah, I know that team all too well. That's Iowa who is my team's rival as we are neighboring states. 
Oh I see.  Do you know what the tactic or custom is ?  Why do they paint it pink?
I am pretty sure it was Hayden Fry (who the old tv show "Coach" was loosely based on).  I think it was that the pink would demotivate the opposition or make them lose their edge.
Ah I see,  maybe to soften them up I guess.  That's pretty smart,  unless they knew about it already.  Did you know there is a football player that never fumbled in his whole career?  Why isn;t this guy more sought out after lol That sounds incredible. 
Wow.  Maybe he just isn't as explosive as others, but it's pretty impressive.
I know right!  I believe he played for the Patriots.  
Do you like any other sports, like basketball?
Kinda the same,  I do not follow it much.  I watch the Warrios sometimes though,  how about you?
I watch a little.  I will admit that the Warriors are not my favorite team.  I guess it's because they are so good, but I have to remember that they really built that team from scratch and then added amazing players around what they drafted.
Yeah,  true.  I find it funny that the inventor of basketball is the only losing couch in kansas university history lol 
I wonder how much he got paid for that?  In the vast majority of states today, the college basketball or football coach is the highest paid employee of the state.
Hmmm good question.  I hope he gets some sort of royalties lol this sport has blown up,  it is so popular and generates so much money!  Anyways its been good talking to you!  
I love the NFL I cant wait for the season to start back up! 17 weeks is not enough! Do you like football? 
I have a passing knowledge
Thats great! Do you watch football or just keep up with it in general? 
Mainly watching it time to time 
Cool! I really like how high-tech they are getting adding micro chips into players pads and the football/. It makes the game fun! 
They sure get a lot of data. I wonder what they use it for
Ive heard football speed when through and other stuff. Funny that the biggest thing for them was the addition of the Yellow First down line. Won them an emmy! 
That was by espn right?
Yeah! Really cool that something so simple had such a huge impact! Nothing like in hockey when they highlighted the puck. 
I mean considering there is only a dozen or so minutes of real gameplay, any help understanding what is going on is a huge plus
True! They dont even play that much! If they are only playing for 11 minutes they figure out a way to make games more fun. You know.. make a game with some huge scores like 200 or something. 
The winner were just that good and the losers just that bad i guess
I bet youre right. You really need a poor team to go nothing against a team that scores 222. I dont even know who Cumberland is.. 
I mean the winners must have had talent like tom brady or green ellis
I always that green-ellis was great. HE was amazing and i think never fumbled the ball. EVER! 
Indeed. That is an impressive feat
Yeah it is! i dont think he even got paid that well. Nothing like LeVeon bell and his 13 million a year 
Well at least these players are much better paid now than in the 1960s when even bowlers made more
Ain't that the truth! for how physical the game is they should be getting paid a lot. 
It is a dangerous contact sport after all. It is probably due to forced early retirement that the average football player's lifetime earnings is less than that of engineers
yes it is. have a great day! 
To you as well.
Are you a fan of the NFL?
NFL? the national football league? I dont really know it well. You?
Yea that is, do you know any of the 32 teams?
yeah, i guess i have heard some names. the patriots is one that i hear a lot
Yea they keep winning super bowls and have the greatest quarterback of all time, tom brady. You don't watch much NFL, do you watch college football much?
no, i dont. i guess the game is more fun at the college level.  the kids probably enjoy playing the game.
Yea, my favorite team is Iowa, they paint their visiting locker room pink 
i wonder if that has any effect all. if so, i would expect everyone to do it.
I wonder also, I would have to check their home record to see a trend. Are you a basketball fan since you don't watch much football?
i like basketball, but i usually watch around the playoffs. i like golden state. You?
Me too, I like the bulls, but golden state is fun to watch. Do you know who james naismith was?
he was the guy who invented the sport. he was canadian i believe.
He was the worst coach in kansas history, you think he could have rigged the game in his favor
he might have had bad players too. maybe he just didnt get the strategy. oh well. i think he has an award named after him.
For sure, I heard that also. Do you ever catch anything on ESPN?
no, though it guess it is insanely popular. sports all the time would be a big hit in the us.
They won an ESPY for their yellow line on TV
an espy? i dont know that award. the yellow line? 
Sorry they won an emmy, lol! That is a big thing for something so small
Oh, an emmy. yeah, the tv award. a yellow line? hm. a weak year for awards. Anyway, great chat!
You too, it was so nice chatting with you!
Hello,  do you like football?
i do like football sometimes, not all the time, but sometimes. you?
I watch a few games a year,  but I do not keep up with it at all.
i try to watch the playoffs, maybe the superbowl.
Thats cool.  Did you know the NFL has no written rule against female players?
I have heard that, but I don't think that women can qualitfy. It's a tough game
Yeah,  just depends on the woman.  I hear the NFL uses tracking chips on the players and football. 
I would like to see a woman that could do that. I have no problem with that. If she can play, let her in. Put the tracking chips on her. 
The average game play of a football game is 11 min!  It takes like 3 hours usually to see the whole event lol 
those players spend a lot of time standing around and waiting. i figured that 11 minutes was a bit short, but now that i think about it, it sounds right.
lol yeah I know right!  So many time outs,  fouls,  huddles,  etc. 
Yes, basketball is a sport that flows a lot more.
I agree,  a lot of consistant action. 
Basketball was invented by a Canadian. A *canadian*
lol cool.  I hear the inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in the university of kansas history.  Ironic. 
He really could not coach. i guess he knew how to create game, not play them. 
yeah,  thats unfortunate.  I hope he gets royalties or something,  this game has blown up!  it generates so much money!
yes, it has. the college coaches make so much. it seems like a distortion of the purpose of college.
Yeah 39 out of 50 states the highest paid employee is the college basketball or football coach. 
I wonder where this all going to lead. Soon the degree-granting aspect of college will become optional extra. Anyway, great chat!
Great speaking with you. 
Hi do you follow football?
I am a fan yeah, do you have a favorite team? 32 teams 2 division 1 winner
My favorite team is the Buffalo Bills. lol  The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink.  I think the Bills might have stepped in there once. lol
How did they do past season? and that is funny lol a pink locker room for the visiting team
The Bills didn't do well. They rarely do well.  Haven't been good since the Jim Kelly days.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars did back then.  That's sure changed now.
Twice as much woah, that is impressive, thats a lot of money, things have changed a lot for players over the years
Yes!  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.  Impressive!
That is impressive, did you hear about coach Matt Patricia?
I haven't heard of him.  What did he do?
He is a rocket scientist and also a coach, he must be a really smart man. 
I bet! I'll have to look him up.  ESPN won an emmy for creating the yellow superimposed first down line on tv.
I guess the yellow line is a big contribution to the game, also the tracking chips, those seem great also. 
Yes I agree!  The NFL has no written rule against female players.  Wonder if any have ever tried out?
There's no written rule against female players really? I guess we wont see them play in the league as its a physical game
I know.  Maybe as a kicker maybe.  An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Only 11 minutes? that seems really unfair, so since the re introduction of the NFL in 1999 the QB with most wins is Ben Roethlisberger
That must be in the Cleveland Browns stadium?
I think he played for the Steelers, he must be a hall of famer. 
He is their current QB.  The highest score ever for a football game was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0.   It's been fun chatting!  
Oh I see, didnt know he still played and that is a humiliating loss, hope you have a nice day, its been fun chatting bye. 
Have a good day!
Hi, how are you?
I am well, how are you?
I am well. Do you know anything about Virginia Football?
I know that Virginia Football has been trying to fix it's program with a new athletic director. They have not been doing well in past seasons.
They have not. Their basketball program has been better under tony bennett.
Is tony bennett new to the basketball program?
No, he's been there for a few years. Got them up to a top 5 rank. Slow and boring to watch though.
I am hoping that the football team will do better this year. They only won 6 games this year.
Yeah. I think they should be better. Theyve got a good recruiting  base there.
They're trying to get the recruitment even better. They are also adding a football operations center to draw even more attention.
Nice. Clemson just added something like that and it has a recording studio in there for their players!
That reminds me that the supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor.
That's a strange place for it. I wonder how often the Notorious RBG plays...
She will get dunking banned like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
I often get those two confused... The highest paid coach in many states is their basketball or football coach.
An amusing contrast to the fact that the players are not paid anything
Yeah. Really sad for them. I don't feel like free education is enough for many of these players.
Through free schooling in exchange for about 11 minutes of gameplay seems like a good deal.
When put like that, yes that seems like a great deal!
Hopefully the whole department can work together and improve things for both he players and the staff
Yeah. nice chatting with you!
Did you know Steve Spurrier coach the Redskins?
LOL... yeah!  I still remember that scene where he did duck lips and the tv station slowed it down.
I know, its hard to find characters as known and famous as Steve lol, he sure is a strange thing.
Yeah... a heisman trophy winner and also coached at florida state.
In what year did he win the Heisman trophy? thats new to me.
It was 1966 at University of Florida
Oh I see, it was a long time ago, I heard he also led a team called the Tampa Bay Bandits.
YEah, he's been around quite a bit.  That's just crazy though that the Reskins don't even have him listed on their web site when listing past coaches.
They dont? I wonder if thats because of an internal problem, he was one of the highest paid coaches in NFL while on the team
I am sure because they are embarrassed... but come on, you hired him!
he has 12 victories in 32 games so maybe thats why he got fired , I think the team had high hopes on him.
I am sure they did... that's just disrespectful and childish... there are a lot worst coaches out there!
There sure are, speaking of lack of respect the lockers for the visiting team of the University of Iowa are painted all pink
OMG... that's just mean!!!  How about the disrespect the New orleans saints cheerleaders get.  When a player come into a restaurant, even if the cheerleader was there before the player the cheerleader has to leave!
That is really rude and sexist, I mean why do they have to leave if they dont want players mixing with cheerleader why dont make it both ways.
EXACTLY!!!  it's the NFL playing God!!!  GEEZ!!!
I get you, so heres a cool fact you know Benjarvus Green Ellis? he used to be an rb in the Patriots and he never fumbled a ball.
WOW... that does not surprise me with the Patriots luck :)
What are your thought on the Superbowl on sunday?
I hope the Patriots lose!  LOL
Lol thats mean I am a Patriots fan but its ok if they lose im not a bigtime fan either.
Do you watch much football?
I do like to watch it, what about you?
I love watching both college and NFL, do you have a favorite team?
I do have a favorite, The New England Patriots, what about you? 
Nice! I like the Vikings. Were you a benjarvus green ellis fan?
No, who is Benjarvus Green Ellis? Im not sure I remember that player
He was the RB years ago, he never fumbled the ball once in his career!
Never fumbled the ball? Whoa that is really impressive not many players can say that maybe he is the only one.
Right, they fumble all the time now. Have you heard of the University of Iowa?
Yeah I have heard of it, they have a nice football team.
They are good, they are my hometown team and alma mater! They paint their locker rooms pink for the opponents
They do? I think that is a really funny strategy I wonder if it works, it must confuse some teams.
That is what I am thinking. They do play good at home for sure! Do you watch much basketball?
I like basketball yeah, mainly any sport out there, I love sports.
Me too, sports are so awesome. Did you hear who the most losingest coach is at Kansas?
Was that coach the same person that invented the game? coach James Naismith?
Yea, crazy, you think he would have rigged it in his favor to win some more games!
I know right, if you invent the game then you can also bent the rules a bit, did you know about the court in the top of the supreme court?
No way! I can just picture Ginsberg throwing down a 360 dunk in it
Its called The Highest Court on Land, cool name and yeah that would be funny lol
Nice, that is a cool place, I wonder if it actually gets used. It was so nice chatting with you, enjoy your day!
hey did you know in the 60's the top bowlers made 2x as much as teh top football players?
Hello there, no wow I didn't know that.  That is pretty crazy to think how much has changed since then. 
ya I don't even know how much bowlers make now, probably only the top ones make decent money now
Yeah I would say you are right.  Did you know that a high school football stadium in texas cost $60 million to build?
no thats crazy, espeically for high school which is not serious and I'd imagine doesn't generate close to that much revenue, I wonder why they spent so much
Yeah that is a crazy amount of money for high school football.  I guess it seats 18,000!!
ooof, I don't know I don't personally like football that much do you? this says the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay which doesn't surprise me haha
Holy cow that is very little.  I guess you don't notice so much while watching it on tv. 
no but it makes sense, there's lots of them positioning and replays and referees calling stuff, like the actual action is only 11 minutes that's very wild to me but it makes sense
Yeah it does when you think about it.  Do you know what year was the first NFL playoff game?
I don't was it in the early 1900's?
Yeah it was in 1932 on an 80 yard dirt field in Chicago.  I bet that was pretty rough being tackled on. 
oooof ya that sounds like it would hurt, I saw on youtube the first team to have helmets with symbols on them were the rams, one teammate just painted the circular horns on his helmet one day
That is awesome, old football stories are pretty interesting.  Are you a basketball fan as well?
Not so much but I do watch games from time to time. i'm more of a tennis fan, I like that there is no team and it is 100% on one person to win or lose
Yeah I like them both, I am a sports fan in general.  I always said I would get into hockey if I had a local team to cheer for. 
oh what area do you live in? I'm in detroit so most people are red wings fans, but I like pittsburgh cuz thats where a lot of my family is from
I am from Wisconsin and we don't have a team in this state. 
ah that is true, ya you'd think being so far north that they would obviously have a team, and being close to canada haha
Yeah that is true.  At least we have a pro NFL team. 
what I didn't know is the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl playr or mlb player, on average
Wow I would never have guessed that, maybe because they are working more years. It was nice talking with you today. 
Hi how are you today?
I'm great, it's really inspiring to hear about how Steve Spurrier played so hard in his day and earned the reputation to garner the highest paying coaching position in history. 
Yeah, and did you know that he actually coached the redskins for two seasons?
Yes that's exactly the position I am referring to, they paid him almost 25 million for a five year contract. I wonder why he only coached two seasons. 
Yeah really, haha. In the 1960's top bowlers made as mauch as top football stars
Wow, I could have done that since bowling is a lot easier than football! But apparently NFL players really don't make as much as other careers, like engineers.
Really? Should have been an engineer.
Yes seriously but some of us lack math skills. It sounds like it's tough working in athletics, can you belief New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't even allowed to eat at the same restaurant as an NFL player?
I can't believe that. I wonder why? How about the highest score ever in 1916 when georgia tech beat cumberland 222-0. 
They are southern so maybe they just have a very prim and proper reputation to protect. That was crazy. it makes me wonder if they rigged it! It reminds me of Great Gatsby talking about the world series being rigged around the same year.
Yeah! I was suprized to read that a former rb patriots benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled the ball in his entire football career. That's amazing!
Yeah seriously, we've come a long way since then considering that we now can track players with chips to know everything about their speed, velocity, rotation and more.
True. Did you know the University of iowa painted the visiting team's locker room pick. They got a pretty good sense of humor.
Oh I hope they were good sports about it. 
I totally meant pink. glad you got that. Yeah, I'm sure they were.
Wow I didn't even read it as anything but pink haha.I could imagine football can get pretty aggressive and competitive when so much income is involved. 
oh yeah! It's pretty cool that there are so many variations of football. They are known as football codes.
I can never get in to football, you only ever get to see like eleven minutes of actual live gameplay per game!
That's true. the rest is comercials. although I do love the new superbowl commercials. Those are fun.
I also enjoy watching the Superbowl commercials. I wonder if watching Superbowl commercials was always so possible even back in the early days in the 70s 
I wonder too. I'll have to look it up. I just found out that espn created the yellow line represtenting the first down line for football.
I always saw that on TV but never before thought about where that came from. Did you hear they won an award for that?
Yeah, they won an emmy. pretty awesome. I wonder who came up with it? it had to start with one person.
Probably some network graphic designer guy or team I guess. 
Happy holidays, nice talking to you.
do you like football?
I'm a fan of all sports, but football happens to be one of my favorites and I follow the NFL closely. You?
I don't really watch it that much. I did watch the Super Bowl which is the first Sunday in February.
Oh, did you hear anything about what's been going with Le'Veon Bell this past season?
I heard he is back in Pittsburgh.
He held out this year, hoping to get a big contract from Pittsburgh or become a free agent next year. You wouldn't believe how much he money he cost himself.
$855,000 a week. Is that really true? Wow!
Yeah that's years and years of salary for me lol. He will likely get a huge contract this summer, he's one of the best running backs in football.
Right, but I guess since NFL players don't play for so many years, the average lifetime earnings of engineers are higher.
Yeah, you have to figure we mostly hear about the top players who make a ton, but the average guys don't make as much as say Le'Veon Bell. I think the average career is like a few years in the NFL.
He made $12.1 million in 2017 but had not been paid anything this season.
Right. Did you know they track player and football movement now through chips?
Yeah, lots of cool technology in football these days. ESPN got an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line.
I can't imagine watching football without that yellow line. Do you like basketball better than football?
I do find basketball more interesting. I find it funny that the inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history.
Haha that is funny. Must have been a while ago. Do you have a favorite team or player?
I guess the Golden State Warriors since I am from that area. How about you?
I'm a Knicks fan. Not a lot of good things to say about them these days. They have a tough time putting 5 decent guys on the court.
I like seeing basketball players slam dunk.
Me too, it was banned periodically from college basketballI
That was because of Kareem Abdul Jabbar right? Pretty funny!
Hi do you like basketball? Did you know the inventor of basketball is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas' history?
I do follow basketball closely from time to time and no I didn't know that about inventor of basketball.
I do not know a lot about the sport but I do know about a few players, like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. His dunk shot got banned from college basketball.
Wow!! Do you know the length of this particular ban?
Apparently they banned the dunk for over a decade.
Thanks I didn't know this. How many points is a field goal worth in basketball?
I just learned a field goal is worth two points but I thought field goal were in Football not basketball.
Thanks. How much is it worth behind the three point line?
I think it is worth three and that is why it has the name three point line. But I know so little of the sport. I know that Basketball games can't tie and must play overtime for a winner.
Does time stop when someone gets fouled in basketball?
Yes. I just learned after a foul, time played stops and the player fouled against or designated to shoot a technical foul is given one or more one-point free throws.
Thank you so much. You mentioned earlier about the inventor of basketball do you know by any chance his name?
Yes. His name is James Naismith. He was a college coach. In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either the College Football or Basketball coach.
Thanks. I didn't know anything about this. Very interesting. Do you know how many players are in each team that play basketball?
I know when the game is active there are five players each on the court. I am not sure how many or on the bench.
Thanks. I heard that the New Zealand basketball team have a nickname do you know what they are called?
I just learned they are nicknamed the "tall blacks." I think they could have come up with a more appropriate name.
Me too!! They could of come with a much better name than that.
Here's a fun fact, the US supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor and it is known as "the highest court in the land"
I'm very surprised with this fact. Thanks for chatting with me today. I hope you have a nice evening!!! Bye
Thanks for chatting as well. I learned a lot of new and fun information. Goodbye.
Hi, how are doing this fine evening?
Good. Enjoying some of the extra time I have now that the NFL season is over. The season runs for 17 weeks, so it lasts a few months
Quite true. I didn't get a chance to watch the SB. I'm surprised that an average NFL game has only 11 minutes of action. I thought it would be more.
I guess all the stops and talks about stats make it seem longer. I wonder how they kept track of all the stats before they embedded the ball and shoulder pads with chips to measure
I think the chips for tracking are good. I bet it helps with strategy, but also maybe with profiling injuries.
It's possible. Did you know women can play in the NFL if they meet eligibility requirements? I'm surprised by that. 
I guess for some positions, it could work. Kicker. Punter. Place holder.
Maybe. There's still a risk, but at least the playoffs are single elimination rather than best out of 4 like the MLB
I think it would create controversy, which the league likes because it attracts viewers. Then again, would you rather have your daughter be an NFL player, or an engineer?
Engineering is a hard field for women too due to discrimination, but over a lifetime, they'll make more money on average than football players.
True, and we need all the engineers we can get. 
Whereas there are many men who will play football. It's interesting how the NFL is divided into the NFC and AFC
I think historically there were a couple of leagues brought together in the 60s, when top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
That's definitely changed with how televised football has become. ESPN knew what they were doing by creating the superimposed line for the first down
That line seems so basic! How did they win an award for it?
I guess no one had thought of how important it would be for those viewing on television. It's funny how simple things can make a big difference. I wonder what RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis' secret was to never having a fumble in his career
He had special gloves? I dunno. A great feat. I hope he got a bonus.
Still not as unbelievable as the Georgia Tech game against Cumberland. 222-0 is a tough break for the loser
I hope that GT put in their third string. That's a horrible score. What was the spread, I wonder.
Who knows. I wonder how many of those players went on to play in the NFL
I don't think the NFL existed at the time. College ball was the big thing. Anyways, great chat!
It's very possible!
do you like to watch football?
Love football.. I like the Titans.
I don't really like football. Maybe it's because each nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
There is a lot of action in those 11 minutes.
Even so, I get bored in between. It's interesting how much NFL has gained in popularity. The top bowlers made twiceas much as top football stars in the 60s.
I think engineers make more than football players.
Yes, over a lifetime it seems they make more. But I don't think that accounts for sponsorships some NFL players get
Some are smart business men.. How many teams are in the NFL?
As far as I know there are 32 teams.
Super Bowl is coming soon!! First Sunday in February.
I might get together with some friends for that. Who are you rooting for?
I wish the Titans were going but they aren't so we shall see!! I'm excited for Lamar Jackson youngest rookie to make it to the playoffs.
It's interesting how much technology there is in football these days to make sure things are accurate
ESPN won an Emmy for using the yellow line.
And now there are tracking ships in shoulder pads and footballs to track various things
That's amazing. Do you have a favorite team?
I do not. Perhaps I would say the 49ers simply because I'm from there.
The 49ers had a few good games this year.
I haven't really been following.
You like watching the halftime shows?
I think they are exciting, yes.
Did you know the NFL has no written rule against femal players? 
I did! I wish more women met the eligibility requirements so we could see them in action.
Well, there won't be much action. An NFL game actually only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!
The real game play to watch is from the chips in their shoulder pads showing their moves.
yeah, apparently they put chips in their shoulder pads!
Do you like basketball? I like the smaller team of 5 as opposed to the larger football teams.
I watch it sometimes. They banned the dunk for awhile because Kareem.
What did Kareem do? Did he play for Kansas where james naissmith was a losing coach?
He was just a really good player that could slam dunk. 
He should have gone into coaching. Some of the highest state paid employees are coaches.
I believe it. Did you know ESPN won an emmy for the first down marker? 
I did not! Pretty cool! Almost as cool as playing basketball at the US supreme court on the top floor!
Interesting, they have a court up there? 
They do! I would love to play and take into over time by tying the game to get some extra time up there.
Well in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as football stars. 

That's amazing since bowling is not very popular. I love to bowl even though I am not very good.
I bowl in a league, but I don't make any where near a football star. 

Do you know the dimensions of a bowling ball? I believe they are bigger than a basketball at 9.4 inches in diameter.
I don't know. But I think some are bigger than others depending on weight. 
It would be an interesting sight to see a bowling bowl go through a basketball hoop of 18 inches in diameter.
That would be hilarious. 
Hey there you a football fan? I love the american version but not so much the rugby or australian rules variation.
I love football! Did you know that the NFL has no written rule against female players? A woman would be allowed just as long as she met the requirements.
I would love to see that! She probably wouldn't mind playing at the University of Iowa with the pink locker room!
Agreed. It'll happen eventually, especially now that there are female refs. I wonder if they'd be allowed to eat in the same restaurants.. Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in a restaurant a player is in and if the player comes in while the cheerleader is eating, she has to leave.
True. That is an odd rule. Not sure if I agree. The NFL also uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to track movement.
Very interesting! And an average NFL game has only 11 mins of live gameplay.
Wow. Too much time for ads lol. Engineers even make more lifetime earnings than most NFL players!
I believe that. Are you a fan of basketball? The inventor of basketball, James Naismith, is the only losing coach in the history of the University of Kansas. Pretty ironic.
Yes I love bball! Very ironic. I wonder who the best coach in Kansas history is. The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the All Blacks!
A little inappropriate but if it doesn't bother them then ok! haha Did you know the the US Supreme court building has a bball court on the top floor and it's called "The Highest Court in the Land?"
I would love to play on the highest court in the land. College coaches get paid so much, they are the highest paid state employees in 39 out of 50 states.
Me too. That's pretty wild, I would have thought it would be football coaches or players would be top paid. In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football players!
Me too. That is a funny stat, never would have expected that. I love watching football on tv. I remember watching Green-Ellis because he never fumbled the ball.
Oh yeah the player on the Pats. That's awesome. I love watching football too. I'm already looking forward to next season. The highest score ever in a football game was 222-0. I'd call that a shut out.
Yeah no doubt. That happened back in 1916 I don't think that would ever happen currently.
Definitely not in the NFL with only 11 minutes of game play. Also, I didn't know this until recently, but the NFL also uses chips inside the footballs to track the velocity, speed, and location.
That explains how they get such accurate stats and stuff. They also put the chips in the shoulder pads to track player movement.
Well with it being the highest professional level of American football, I know the NFL definitely invests in the best technology. 
Yes You said it right. With only 17 regular season games they have to pack it all in! Well I really enjoyed conversing with you!
Yes, definitely a good conversation! Have a great day/night!
Unfortunately no football to watch this weekend because the superbowl already happened! Bye now!
Hi, do you like football? By football I mean NFL football.
I love watching both nfl and college, how about you?
I mostly just watch NFL but I do watch some college too. Now is the hardest time of the year. Super Bowl over. It's a long ways until September..
Right, at least they have that new league, but I don't watch it. Do you have favorite teams?
Me either. I don't really have a team I'm a die hard fan of since there is no NFL team where I live. Did you know the NFL puts chips inside the footballs to measure velocity and rotation?
There is no NFL team where I live either, I like the Iowa Hawkeyes though for college. I never knew about the chips that is interesting. 
They are even inside players shoulder pads too! I think that is to measure how hard of a hit they are taking, or giving.
wow, I wonder if they are created by the engineers who make more money in their lifetime than nfl players
Probably! The time it would take to design that. Also making them small enough so they are noticed by the players. I think the average NFL salary is low because their careers are so short and unlike other sports they all have non guaranteed contracts.
for sure, you only hear of the star players making the big bucks. Have you ever heard the worst score in college football ever?
I did, but I don't recall. I remember it happened a long time ago and was super embarrassing. I take it you know?
It was 222-0 in 1916, georgia tech vs cumberland. I would have quit after that game lol
Wow! I was thinking maybe 100 point spread. They could have at least shown mercy. I guess back then teams were a lot more ruthless. Too bad ESPN wasn't around then I'd love to watch the highlights and see the faces of the cumberland players.
Right or just left the field to never play again lol. I would hope a mercy rule was created after that game
Or at least some kind of gentleman's agreement where you stop trying to score more points which is probably what would happen now. It was a different time back then.
For sure, a lot  different back then. Now-a-days they have pink locker rooms for college lol
I saw that, although I don't think that would really bother the visiting team much. They are so focused on the game.
Actually the pink messes with them. Pink is a calming color and relaxes them extra
I guess that makes sense. Did you know ESPN created the superimposed yellow line for 1st downs before any other broadcast network? They won an emmy for it!
Wow! I never knew that! I used to think it was real growing up lol. It was so nice chatting with you!
Have a great night!
Thanks you as well!
I read a lot of Sports Illustrated. Im a big fan of the NFL
Interesting. I'm a space junkie, and I'm jel of the internet speed that the International Space Station has.
I heard its faster than ours here in the US. Is that true?
It sure is. It's weird that there are more automated software programs on the internet, than humans.
Maybe its trying to stop people from clicking links on the internet. It can be an addiction
Maybe, as egosurfing is very real. I've never looked myself up, though.
Do you you read the full terms when buying a product online? only 7% of people do
I do not. Are you a Snoop Dogg fan? He wrote a song for his son's football team. How cool is that?
That is pretty cool. I wonder if the song is longer than that the length of live game play in the NFL which is only 11 mins
I don't know. It's amazing that college football teams have 14 of the largest stadiums in the world. I would have thought those would belong to NFL teams.
They even have a pink visitors locker room located at Iowa!
That's funny. Surprisingly, the coaches of the military football teams, are the highest paid employees at the Department of Defense. Seems a little silly that they are worth more than the people who put their lives on the line to keep us safe.
In many states coaches are also the highest paid person
That's insane. So is the stadium in TX that cost 60 million...for a highschool team.
Was that all paid my taxes? You have to wonder
Who knows. It's a little disgusting to think that they spend so much money on a tracking chip that monitors players every move, and all the stats of a football, yet...we don't have those capabilities on cars.
Maybe its because the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than that of a player. Got to learn how to keep them healthy
There is a rocket scientist who coaches in the NFL. Matt Patricia, ever heard of him?
I have! He coaches the lions. Thats a crazy career path for a person
His school's fight song has six digits of Pi in it, that would be a fun school to attend.
Thats funny
Thank you for chatting with me, have a wonderful day.
You as well thanks
Good morning.
Good morning.  Do you follow football?
Off and on.  I do watch it occasionally, both college and the NFL.
I first learned football in high school just sitting in the stands.  I wasn't there (originally) for it, but I got to learn the rules and such.  It sure helped me count/math by 7s!
That is an interesting skill to pick up by watching football.  For how long of a game it is, it is surprising that they average game only has 11 minutes of live play time.
I wonder how that compares to baseball, which is often regarded as a boring, no-action sport.  Soccer and hockey have continuous action, by comparison.  I'll be the highest-scoring game ever, a 222-0 rout, had more than 11 minutes.  It would certainly take me more than 11 minutes to run 222 football fields.
That is a huge score for 1 football game.  I would have likes to see that.  Too bad that was in 1916
I think it would have gotten boring after they reached 60 points, then exciting again after 100, when the novelty of it is just "how high can they go"  and "will the other team score at all?"  I'm much more interested in the strategy behind the game.  Only real players can give you that insight, like Paul Zimmerman, who wrote for Sports Illustrated.
Yeah, I know he was highly respected and it was very sad when he passed away.
I love hearing those more technical aspects of the game, "behind the scenes," like he was able to give.  Have you learned such tidbits about football or other sports?
I think the funniest fact I ever heard about football was that the University of Iowa painted the locker room for the visiting team totally in pink.
Pink ... did you know that 100 years ago, pink was the color for baby boys, not blue?  It's a fact I heard on the Internet, so it must be true.
I had heard that too.  People don't believe me.  The internet does had a vast tange of information, but it isn't all accurate, that's true.
I'm largely skeptical too.  For instance, I can't believe that the current library of alexandria has saved a copy of the Internet.  What does that even mean?  Explain that to me, Internet!
How exactly do you save a copy of the internet.  That sounds like a bogus claim.  Did you know people can get an addiction to the internet?
I'm pretty sure I'm addicted to it.  At least some aspects like social media.  You?
I try to limit my time on social media, but, yeah I spend more time than I should on it.  It's just amazing that the internet connects you to people worldwide.
It does.  My grandfather, who immigrated from eastern europe, still connects with other refugees via Skype.  In his eyes, it has to be true magic.
That is amazing.  I just learned the other day, that 'Internet' comes from the contraction of Interconnected Network.  I never realized that is what the name meant.
I never knew that.  I just knew that Internet is supposed to be capitalized (in English at least) like we give it the respect of a proper title.
Really?  I didn't know that.  Did you read that on the Internet?  ;)
Autocorrect, the greatest* gift to us from Steve Jobs, always seems to correct me when I type it.  And yes, Internet tells me how to spell its (his? her?) name.
Autocorrect is pretty great.  Well, I am off to do some research via the internet.  Thanks for the chat.
Hey did you ever read any articles by Paul Zimmerman? He just passed away
Yes they were great articles about football.
Yes I agree. What you lived until 86 so that was a full life I think. I think is most famous book was a "thinking man's guide to pro football"
Speaking of football. So many countries call other sports football
Yes there are a lot of different versions of football. One of them is Australian Rules Football and another is Rugby Football
They are known as football codes
Yep that's true. Do you ever watch football on TV? Do you know who invented the yellow line that shows the first down?
I don't know. Did you know a high school stadium cost $60 million to build
No I didn't. That's quite an amount! Also quite an amount, is that Bowlers in the 60s made 2 times as much as top football stars at the time
I did hear that. Those huge flags they have at the games cost $50,000 and weigh 1,100 lbs!
That's very impressive! I would never buy one of those personally haha. What do you think about the Patriots running back BenJarvus Green-Ellis? He's never fumbled the football, he's awesome!
That's awesome. Did you know they put tracking devices in the shoulder pads and football
No I didn't know that. Do they take them off when they're done playing? That sounds like a breach of privacy to me
It's to track the players moves and distance of the football during the game.
Ok that makes sense. They should track the average NFL game length, apparently it's only about 11 minutes of Live gameplay
That's such a short time for a game that seems so long. The first N playoff game was played in 1932
That's a long time ago! I wonder if they recorded the first game? Do you know that females can actually play for the NFL too? There's no rule against it
Not sure if they recorded but the field was only 80 yards. Do you think a female will ever play?
Yes I think that one will eventually. They will be a kicker or something to start. I'm just shocked that an engineer will make over their lifetime more money than an NFL player
Probably be their careers are long and not as physical. Matt Patricia is a coach and he's a rocket scientist
Yeah he seemed really smart. how often do use the internet by the way? Have you ever clicked the hamburger button before?
Hello,  do you like football?
I do like football but i like the internet better. Do you use the Internet much?
Yes I do.  I use it daily. 
There are a lot of little known facts about the Internet. For instance, did you know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?
Yeah I did  that is really interesting,  I wonder why it is called a hangurger.  Apparently,  constant clicking can cause an addition.
Or, a hamburger looks like that icon, two buns with the hamburger  in the middle, get it? Anyway, yes I agree that constant clicking can cause an addiction. I think I've got that one as well.
Oops,  sorry about the spelling error.  You have an addiction to clicking?  Are there any support groups that help with this addiction?
Funny, not that I've heard of but one never knows what could started.  Another funny fact is that only 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the Internet. I, myself am guilty of that sometimes.
I believe that for sure.  It full terms is so much reading and sometimes hard to understand. 
True, it can get complicated. Even the Internet itself can be hard to understand with its vast range of information resources and services like hypertext documents, www, e-mail, and file sharing.
Yeah.  Did you know there is 3g cell service at the top of Mt. Everest?
Wow, imagine that? I couldn't imagine how that happened but I do know that the current library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the Internet in case of catastrophe.
Now you can take selfies and post them when you get to the top of the mountain lol Wow,  the internet is backed up,  thats cool. 
And also consider how huge the Internet is. Since its a network of networks that consists of private, public, academic, business, and government networks of local to a global scope, it's size is immeasurable to me.
Yeah,  the internet is amazing,  it's so convenient.  I can't imagine doing research the old fashion way.  Or even using a phone book lol
Yes, technology has taken over most manual processes for sure.  Even the NFL uses tracking chips embedded in the player's shoulder pads to records all of their moves.
Also,  in the football!
Yes, they put a chip in the football to record and track the velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location of the football which probably saves a lot of time.
Yeah,  looks like technology has made a great impact on football and other sports.
Yes, I think it will help to give more game play time.  An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Its been good talking to you,  have a good one. 
hi, do you watch football?
I'm not really a fan, but I compete with my brother to pick the most winning teams each week.
nice. did you know women can play too?
We actually had a girl on the football team where I went to high school, though I have never seen a girl play football professionally.
me either, would like to see them though playing there
I'm sure popular football writer Paul Zimmerman would be surprised to see it happen.
yeah, too bad he passed away
He had been having poor health for a while. It's good to know he isn't suffering anymore.
yes that is true. did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay in a game
There are four quarters of 15 minutes each. How are there only 11 minutes of actual play?
I guess there is a lot of getting in position and stuff that does not count
Not like the sport called "football" in other countries, what we call soccer, there is always action in that game!
yeah that is for sure. do you use the internet much?
I am actually addicted to the Internet.
yeah me too i think actually you can develop addiction from clicking too much
Email and file sharing are very useful Internet services that I use daily.
those sure are. Do you know what hamburger has to do with the internet?
I'm not really sure, though sometimes I get hungry when using the Internet and order dinner to go from an online food delivery service.
yeah those are convenient. it is the three horizonal line menu
I wonder why it is called a hamburger menu?
i guess it looks like one. nice chat
Hello, lets talk abut the NFL. Did you know that there is no written rule that women can not play?
Hi, yeah, I had heard that.  Wonder why one hasn't tried to play, yet?
if they meet the leagues's eligibility requirements they could play, I wonder what the requirements are.
Probably physically tougher than a lot would want to attempt.  A kicker would make a nice start, though!
The games seem so long while watching , but there is only 11 minutes of live game play on average  
I feel your pain!  The last Super Bowl dragged on over three hours.  Too much standing around and other nonsense.  It should be streamlined and made faster.
Did you know that over a life time an engineer can make more money then an nfl player
Wow, that's interesting.  But, I guess that's an average player, not a Tom Brady type.  Do you have a favorite team?
Patriots are mine, what about you? Engineers can also make more then an mlb player over a lifetime  
New England Patriots are my favorite team, also! Go Pats!  
There are tracking chips that are located in player's shoulders pads to track them on the field 
I read there are also chips placed in the balls that track various things, as well.  The NFL is getting so high tech, aren't they?
yes, Lets talk about the NBA next. Nike used to pay the fine for Jordan to wear Air Jordan's 
I remember when they were banned when they first came out.  Nike had the money to pay all those fines, it didn't matter they made it all back from the exposure it gave them.  Everybody wanted a pair of Air Jordan's!
Tim duncan could have went straight to the NBA but decided to stay in college instead. 
That was very smart of him to do.  Always good to have a fall back career, in case basketball doesn't work out.  The statistics are not good for the average player after leaving the game.  Within 5 years, most are bankrupt.
interesting, I dont think that will happen to Allen Iverson since he signed an endorsement deal with reebok paying him 32 million at age 55
He made one good deal!  I would like to have him negotiate for me! Lol
I agree, it also pays him 800,000 a year which sounds like a really good deal to me 
Do you have a favorite basketball team?
I dont really. You? Reggie Miller's sister was also very good at basketball breaking 8 national records. Nice talking to you today  
It's almost superbowl time!! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0 in 1916? Georgia Tech did that!!! Pretty Impressive!
It is almost super bowl!!! I am so exited. Who are you rooting for
I don't really have a preference... just looking forward to a good game.. The NFL uses tracking chips inside the shoulder pads that track the player's moves...rotation, velocity, speed, all that's tracked!! 
I will be using chips super bowl weekend too! I'm leaning towards doritos.... Di you know Steve Smith when he played?
No. I'm not familiar with him. I recently found out though that the NFL has no written rule against female players! As long as they meet requirements, they can play!! That's interesting!
Yeah. I am not sure I have the stomach to watch a woman play against some of those men.
Well, one thing for sure is she has to be able to hold her own to get out on the field. Players have to be mentally ready for the challenge, whether male or female...Its pretty demanding... and could lead to anxiety!
I wonder if she could eat at the same restauarants as the players. The Saints Cheerleaders cannot....
I know!! That's an odd rule. Being able to relax and enjoy good company might be what is needed to get rid of depression. Steve Smith probably could have used a little laughter and fun when he was struggling in 2014.
He has been in 2 or 3 known fights with team mates. He broke one of their jaws and he was out for like 8 weeks. I wonder if all the head collision has anything to do with it?
Could be!! He admits that the demons he fights are inside... but he's learning to cope with them and to understand things and seek help. That's a start!
Yeah. I worry about the mental health of these football players. A lot of pain and depression in the whole league.
Yes, I agree. Smith has some advice to anyone suffering from depression. He recommends asking for help! He wants to relay the message that they are not alone and there's help.
Most NFL teams have a psychologist on staff. I hope they reach out to them when they need it. I know a lot of players are retiring early...
yes they are... theysend powerful messages to fans everyday with the actions that they choose. Like Tim Duncan of the San Antonio Spurs... he chose going to college for four years over going into the NBA and making loot!
yeah. I am glad he didn't get hurt. It's always a fear of mine when people go back to college instead of the league. 
absolutely... there's always the fear of missing an opportunity! They have to weigh their options closely when making life changing decisions, just like anyone else.
Most athletes are now being told to go pro to end their rookie contract a year earlier. It's that second contract that makes all the money.
Well, sometimes it pays not to listen so much but to take risks and go against the grain! Like Michael Jordan. When he first introduced Jordan's to the NBA, they were banned! Imagine that. But Mike kept wearing them anyway, faithfully, and NIKE had his back, they agreed to pay all fines!!
He's the one that put Nike on the map!
Absolutely!!! Well, its been nice talking to you!! I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!! Stay warm!! Goodbye!
You too!
Hi, how are you this morning?
LOL....just trying to wake up! I hope you're well, how's your sports chops in football and basketball?
I'm good, thanks for asking.  I love football more than basketball, but only by a little!
We match perfect then. Shame that Tom Bensen of the Saints passes away after his team was ripped off this year in the playoffs.
Yeah, I was sad to hear that.  
Though in the National Football League my favorite team is the Browns. (And it hasn't been easy being a fan of them in the last 25 years, but this year they were a lot better with Baker Mayfield and the gang.
Yes, I agree the Browns have had a tough time of it, but things are looking up for them.  Did you watch the Superbowl?
No, not this year. It's the first Super Bowl I've ever missed. I was boycotting the game, because I didn't think the Rams belonged in it. The New Orleans Saints were a far better team, and they got ripped off.
I agree with you on that. I watched just to see if the GOAT, Tom Brady could pull off another one and he did.  Lol
Yep! I did bet the Patriots to win that and I won a little coin. Thanks Football!
Cool Beans!  You know I've played football since little league and watched it all my adult life and I was shocked to find out that there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
I know, I can't believe that. Next year when a football game is on, I'm going to have to grab a stopwatch and actually time the gameplay....I still can't believe it's  only 11 minutes.
Do you ever wonder why the NFL doesn't have a female player yet?  I mean there is no rule against female players.
I've known a couple female football players in my life, and they were good; it's just that they both agreed that they aren't anywhere as near as strong as males. I think that's the whole thing. Would like to see it though.
Me too.  A nice jiggly one!  Not a big Bertha!
LOL....man, we do think the same. I haven't watched any of the National Basketball Association since Cleveland lost Lebron James (yet again). But, we understand why he left. And go figure, it may be his first time in forever that he may not make the playoffs. Good for that silly Laker team
That's so true.  Do you know that the granny style of shooting is the absolute best technique for scoring points on the line?
Wow...never knew that! Hey, have you watched any of the new Alliance of American Football yet? It's not too bad, and I've bet all 8 games this year, and won 6. They set the over/under way too high for guys that barely practiced as of yet. I'll bet the betting lines go way down this next week.
Nope, I haven't caught any of those games, yet.  
You'll have to check one out. Decent football. Well, it's been nice chatting with you this early. Good luck in picking up good payers on MTurk today. And have a Great day my friend!
You too, my friend!
To the next survey....lol.
do you like the NFL?
I do. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now
Oh cool what for? Did you know women can play too?
On nice. Yes they are tracking velocity and rotation and stuff like that
Nice. I hope they can use that to make the game safer too.
Good point. So how come women can play too?
Well there is no written rule against them playing so if they make the cut, they play
I see. Did you know there is a coach who used to be a scientist?
I have not heard of that one, who is it? DO you know how long the gameplay is
It is Matt Patrica. I have no idea, is it not the entire game?
Nope it is actually 11 minutes the average
and yet we are glued to the tv for hours for the game to end

True. Did you know engineers make more than football players over the lifetime?
I guess they have longer careers too though to maybe more time to make money
True. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
Oh wow no did not know that. Did you know more than half of the largest football stadiums are in the US?
I guess that makes sense it is such a popular sport here now
True. Do you know how much the flags in the stadiums weight?
I have no idea but I bet you it is a lot, they are huge
Yes , they weight 1100 pounds an cost about $50 000 to make
WOw that is amazing. It was nice chatting with you.
Are you a NFL fan? THere are currently 32 teams, I'm a huge Giants fan
I am a broncos fan, and I love football. the 32 teams are divided into two conferences NFC and AFC
Yep, it's the highest level of American footbal with 16 regular season games a year
They get to rest one week
yep. The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I wonder if there will ever be a female player anytime soon
that would be fun. It would have to be a very strong one. and I found it very hard to believe that in average and NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual play
Well they do take a lot of time to set up between plays, kickoffs, timeouts so I can see how there is only 11 minutes of actual action
I enjoy the whole game. There is so much we can know about the players because they are using tracking chips  that they locate in the player's shoulder pads.
Yea, and they also put chips in the ball to track velocity, rotation, speed, and location. Pretty wild
that makes it way more interesting, did you know the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating i the same restaurants as the players!! kind of crazy
Yea, I read about the cheerleader not being allowed to eat with the Saints players. I think the cheerleaders are suing the team
the should. If they are already eating there and a player comes in, they have to leave. I think this is can not be real!
If they have to the players and cheerleader separate it should be whoever comes in last
hopefully that will be changing pretty soon. I found amusing that the university of Iowa's locker room for the visiting team is painted completely pink!
I found it funnier top bowlers made twice as much as football player in the 1960s
wow how differerent it was!! there is a game I would like to watch and It was played in 1916 , the score was 222 to 0
Yea I might have to youtube that Georgia tech-Cumberland game too, well if it's on film
Hopefully it is. we are getting close to the superbowl which is the second week of February!
Yea, that's awesome, hopefully they stick to the superimposed yellow line that won espn an emmy and not try any other stuff
the playoffs are actually like another tournament consisting of six teams of each conference. that is when it starts to be way more exciting!
Yep, I wonder if Benjarvus Green-Ellis is still playing, he's never fumbled the football in his nfl career
there are other types of football like the Australian, rugby and gaelic, but NFL is my favorite! well it was super nice talking to you!
Do you like watching football?
Hi. Yes I love watching football. How about yourself?
Sometimes I do but I have to be in the mood. It's sad that football players, even though they are successful, they suffer from depression as well.

Yes I agree. Some players have reported feeling free after retiring. 
Steve Smith is known as a tough wide receiver but throughout his career he felt trapped, inferior and alone. 
Yes its amazing the grip depression has over some lives. 
His own words were overwhelmed and broken.
Sometimes the best thing players and others can do is to get help.
A Philadelpha Eagles great Brian Dawkins even said he was considering suicide, but thinking of methods that his family could collect life insurance on. Yeah, getting help is a must but sometimes kind of tough.
I agree. It is tough I have needed to get help myself. 
Hours upon hours of counseling is sometimes needed even for NFL players
Do you like basketball any?
Yes, I like it better than football. How about you?
Yes I do too. 

Do you ever see NBA players shoot granny style? Apparently that is actually statistically the best technique.
I can not say that I have. That would be very funny though.                          
I know, wouldn't it? Do you like the shoes Air Jordans?
My boyfriend loves them. He has too many pairs to even count.
They were banned when they first came out by the NBA. Jordan wore them anyway knowing he would just pay a fine every game.
Its been very nice talking to you.
You too! 
I know depression affects everyone, but that really surprises me that a top NFL player struggles with it
I know, I have heard a lot about head injuries with NFL players so I wonder if it is connected
That could definitely be a part of it. It's cool that people are talking about it, even people like Michael Phelps
Yeah it's very groundbreaking for Steve Smith to speak so openly about his feelings.
Yeah, mental health awareness is important, and I agree with Brandon Marshall.
What did he say?
That mental health awareness is "the civil rights issue of our era" at the end of Article Section 3. 
I don't have that, can you tell me about it?
It's another wide receiver in the NFL agreeing with other athletes who are coming out about mental health issues. He thinks that it is the next social problem we have to solve
Wow, that's very interesting! So many athletes seem to be speaking up lately like Michael Phelps, Kevin Love, DeMar DeRozan, Brandon Marshall, just to name a few.
I like that Steve Smith says that having depression doesn't mean there's something wrong with him. I think a lot of times people think having a mental health issue means you're broken
I know, excactly, just being open like phelps was is great
What do you think about the NFL in general? Like professional football in general?
I think it's pretty fun to watch but like I said the fact that all of these players suffer depression it makes me concerned that the players are maybe hurting themsevles! 
What do you think the NFL or NBA can do about it? 
I'm not sure, perhaps they can offer the players a large platform to tell people to seek help like Brandon Marshall did
Yeah, maybe they can offer them counseling, too, in a more transparent way. There's a lot of money in these leagues, I'm sure they have enough
That's true, hopefully they pay for the athletes to have insurance policies which cover all of these mental health needs. 
And if coaches are talking about this stuff, too, and not just players, it could go a long way towards changing the culture
Yeah which makes sense since people in our culture in all industries like music even have been speaking a lot about mental health 
Nice talking to you, take care
You too , merry christmas
Merry Christmas!
hi, do you watch football?
I don't, but I do attend a Super Bowl party on the first Sunday of February.
Nice. did you know women can play if they want?
Yeah, if they met the eligibility requirements. I wonder if that will happen one day.
I hpe so, it would be interesting. do you know about that rule for new orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah, that seems pretty sexist. Even if the cheerleaders were already eating in that restaurant, they have to leave if the players want to eat there. I mean, I know players are more important to the game, but still.
yeah, it is so sexist, I do not see the point of it either
I am a woman and don't know if I'd want to play in the NFL even if I could. I'd rather be an engineer. Anyway, over a lifetime, engineers make more than the average NFL player.
Yeah and I am glad that is the case because engineers contribute more to the society
Right, though I am sure many engineers do watch NFL games to unwind! I am not too interested in football, perhaps because  there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
I know yet we are glued to the tv for so long to watch the entire thing
Yeah. Since ESPN created the superimposed yellow line it has helped out too. They won an emmy for that
that is crazy to win an award for that. did you know now they use chips on the padding of the players?
Yeah, and in footballs too. The sport of football has sure progressed a lot.
yeah for sure. do you watch much tv?
I don't watch that much. I like to watch comedy, light things. I heard that Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because he believes he should only play in movies that project positivity.
Well if that is what he prefers. did you ever watch House?
I did but I got bored of it. Apparently others did not since Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama.
yeah he made so much money off it, $700 000 per episode
Wow, that's awesome. I wonder what motivated him to become an actor. For Michael Caine, it was because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.
hahah what a reason, good for him. nice chatting with you
hey there, do you like NFL?
Sure! Have you been following the LeVeon Bell saga with the Steelers?
not so much really. DId you know women can play too if they make the cut?
Yeah, while the NFL has written rules against having female players, what woman in her right mind would choose to do that? 
it is a violent sport for sure. but the game only lasts for 11 minutes, play time 
Yeah, but they train for years to play for just a few seconds a game. I could see a female punter doing well, but they only play for seconds per game. And the avg lifetime earnings of an NFL player is less than that of an engineer. Women are too practical to make throw away real money on a few seconds worth of playtime.
new orleans cheerleaders on the other hand are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players. i wonder why that rule is.
Another reason why women won't play for the Saints.. She would be prohibited from socializing with her cheerleader friends!
strange rules sometimes. it is cool that now the players carry chips on their padding.
That is the final straw! Tell a woman you if she plays football, you will monitor what she eats, track he every movement, prevent her from socializing, and then televise statistics on he age, weight, and historical choices? Not gonna happen!
I think they use the chips for good things though, like hits and such to prevent concussions and stuff
Hey, the reason that the Univ of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink is to help encourage recruitment of female players?
I have no idea. Do you know what the highest score in a football game was?
Well, there was a game in college ball where the score was run up to 222-0. Georgia Tech trounced Cumberland. But that was years ago. Could be another game too.  It would have been hard to keep track of yardage in that game?
that is very true. Did you know ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line?
Nice feature! Finally an Emmy decision I can agree with.  Did you know that in Green-Ellis's career with the Patriots, he never fumbled the ball? Neither did I , but my NFL career was restricted to a recliner. Still, a great accomplishment considering that I had a beer in one hand and chips in the other...
hahaha that is funny. do you watch much tv other than football
Sure. I watch a lot of reruns of classic programs like House, starring Hugh Laurie. He made $700k per episode for that series, so it's gotta be good, right?
Yeah that show really rocked so I am not surprised he made that much money.
Laurie is a great actor. Unlike the classic over-actor, Jim Carrey, who gave up drama because of "personal beliefs" ... I think when he played the role as Andy Kaufman it messed with his brain
Seems like it. he has really changed. It was nice chatting with you.
How's it going, do you follow football? The redskins have a challenge ahead of them when they play the giants offense
I don't watch football much, but it does interest me some. Who do you think will win that football game? 
Probably the Redskins, they have a great defense and the Giants qb has been playing badly
Don't Barkely and Beckham Jr. Play for the Giants, though? Or am I thinking of the wrong NFL team? They're in the news for being really good lately.
Yea Bekham and Barkley play for the giants but they were still 1-6.
I see. Which NFL team do you think has the best cheerleaders? I think they're pretty talented, too. And they have danger like the football players, too.
No idea, I feel bad for the Saints' cheerleader though, they can't be in the same place as the football player
I don't like how some NFL teams have strange rules like if the cheerleaders are at a restaurant and the football players show up the cheerleaders are expected to leave. Very strange.
Yea those rules on cheerleaders and players are outdated and sexist
lol those were the same rules you meant? It is very odd. I think it might have started because it would be too distracting for the cheerleaders and football players to have relationships together?
I don't think that's an issue on the professional level. 
True. I think there's actually a music video made based off of that with football players and cheerleaders like that. I think it's interesting no females have played for the NFL.
Maybe there will be a female place kicker soon since there are no rules forbidding women from playing
That sounds like it would be reasonable. I think the average football game only has just over ten minutes of play. Think of how much time that leaves for commercials!
I guess that's a big reason Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumble the ball if he only actually plays less than 10 mins a game
Did you know that despite how much NFL players make that engineers make more in a lifetime?
That's pretty crazy, plus Engineers make more than MLB players too
I like now the NFL uses chips to track players and the ball. I wish I was the one who invented that or even the one to have the job analyzing the tracking of them. Seems interesting.
Yea,maybe one day they will combined the chips with the superimposed first down line ESPN made for some crazy tv viewing
That would be interesting Almost as interesting as how there's a University where they have the opposingfootball team's locker room painted pink. I'm gonna go watch some Netflix now. ttyl
Have a good one
Hi! Are you a fan of the NFL? I think it's hard to believe the average game is only 11 minutes long in terms of live gameplay!
Yeah...I like Alex Smith. He's gotten a raw deal in past, like with SF
True. But he seems to like what he sees with the Redskins as they're not like Washington teams of the past! Plus they don't like using the word drama too much!
Yeah, no hype. Can't hurt to have adrian peterson involved too
Agreed. So speaking of the NFL, do you think we'll ever see a female player drafted or signed? They can actually play as long as they meet the eligibility requirements!
I dunno...but I think that would make for quite a drama. Patrick Stewert would probably lecture about it
Ha! Maybe so! But I don't think anything could be more dramatic in football than if a Saints cheerleader is caught dining in the same restaurant as a Saints football player. I can't believe there haven't been any lawsuits filed over that misogynistic rule.
At this rate they'll probably insert tracking chips on their Cheerleaders. 
Yeah, that would be crazy if they did! Those engineers are geniuses. With technology like that, no wonder they make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players!
Yeah, you don't need to be a rocket scientist to play football. However, it might help. Lets see how things work out for Matt Patricia.
No kidding! It takes more physical talent it seems. Like Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career. Now that really takes talent!
That's why they make the big bucks. The highest paid people in the military are football coaches
Are they really? That is almost unbelievable! But I used to think a yellow first down line was unbelievable as well until ESPN pulled it off and even won an Emmy for it, which they rightfully deserved!
What unbelievable is that the QB with the most wins in Cleveland doesn't play for the Browns. 
That is unbelievable and kind of funny! Ha! On another humorous note, did you know the University of Iowa's visiting football team's locker room is actually pink? That would drive me crazy if I was a visiting football player! Ha!
Well locker rooms are soap operas. They even have soap in them.
Ha! So true! And there's a lot of drama like soap operas as well. Speaking of drama, can you believe Michael Caine only became an actor because he said all the prettiest girls at his school were drama students? I should have taken drama then. Ha!
Well Joe Hamm taught Drama in High School. Ellie Kemper was his student.
It's a small world, isn't it? I can't believe Hugh Laurie of all people is the highest paid actor for tv dramas. He made $700k each House episode. That is insane!
A few more of those and he could afford a texas High School stadium...which cost $60M to build
Holy cow! I couldn't imagine a high school stadium costing that much to build! Well, I'm off to to visit this website that has thousands of classic radio dramas available to listen to for no charge. It was great chatting with you today! Have a great evening!
Take care.
Football apparently comes in different forms and names around the world.  What do you think of american football?
I like it, Im watching the Superbowl for sure this year, what do you think about the Redskins this season,
They were okay.  it was a shame that Alex Smith, the quarterback, got hurt.
Yeah I thought they were going to do better, it seems the team has a lot of determination, and it is a shame.
They have some good players and do things quietly in a way.  Adrian Peterson worked out for them and hardly anything was said.
They used to have flashy names now the team is decent, fears can always slow you down specially with all the talent out there.
True.  Alex Smith is known, he's been around 13 years, but he's not flashy if you know what I mean.
Yeah I get you, sports what team are you a fan of? 
Well for the superbowl I can't really decide. I'd like to see the Rams win but then again, it'd be great to see Drew Brees win.  What about you?
I am a Patriots fan, I really like them I became a fan of the since Benjarvus Green-Ellis, so I am rooting for them in this Superbowl.
My bad a bit ago. I was still thinking of the nfc championship game.  I am pulling for the Rams to win.  did you know that green-ellis has never fumbled in his entire career?
I didnt know that, he is one of my favorite playes but didnt know that about him and what are your thoughts about the NFC championship game?
Considering the Rams player himself admitted that it should have been a penalty I think they should replay the game.  I'd like to see what would happen.  I also think they should play it out until a winner.  Let it go like back in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0.
220-0 that is close score lol, I bet the other team retired from football forever.
That would be pretty bad.  So what do you think about the nfc championship game?
I thought the Saints were going to win, I was kind of rooting for them.
I had thought they would win for a while too.  It was a bit of a surprise. I also thought kansas city was going to beat the patriots.  Did you know the saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players?
I didnt know that, that rule should be abolished, its unfair cheerleaders  have to leave if a player arrives.
It is unfair.  The nfl has no rule against women players though so that's fair.
Yeah I guess so although I don't see a pro team lining up a woman
I agree. A woman would have to meet eligibility requirements first.
Hi, are you familiar with the NFL?
Oh yeah, I'm a Chiefs fan.  
Apparently, the NFL has no written rule against female players.  It surprised me when I heard about it.
Yeah, let 'em play as long as men can play women's sports too.  I heard the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  They won't get hurt, right?
I was surprised to hear about it.  What do players do then since 11 minutes is very short?
Wait... I played in HS and they were always moving chains, officiating, time-outs, etc. Now they are going to put chips in things like shoulder pads to get even more information.
Technology is available for teams to be more efficient. Coaches are smart to take advantage of the available technology.
Yeah, but I wonder if the U. of Iowa is smart in painting the visitor's locker room pink?  It may just make them more motivated...
I would be more motivated if I were a member of the visiting teams.
Yeah.  As a dude, I don't hate the color pink.  I love ESPN's yellow 1st down line.  The best Emmy ever awarded!
I agree with you.  I cannot imagine an NFL  game without the superimposed yellow line.
It makes the game more exciting to me... Wow, former Pat' RB Green-Ellis never fumbled in his entire NFL career.  
It must be very stressful to have that kind of record.  As some people say, there is always the first time.
Yeah, as a RB, that's a tall order.  My alma mater once beat Cumberland 222-0.  I'm not sure I like that...
That was amazing.  I wonder if Cumberland players were sleep walking.
I wonder if they ever played again.  I can't remember playing them when I was there.  Do you like Michael Caine.  I guess he got his start in acting by taking a drama class because it had cute girls in it.
That was funny because he is a brilliant actor.
Yes, he's cool.  So do you follow the Redskins?  I guess they have a good defense but they have their challenges too.
No, I do not follow the Redskins.  I would watch any NFL team if they were in the Superbowl.
Same here.  All NFL teams are good.  Funny, even they were sweating playing the 1-6 Giants. I guess even being good against the run may not help against certain teams.  
I agree with you, all NFL teams are good.  Anyway, I need to go to bed.  It was nice chatting with you.  Good night.
What was the issue with Le'Veon Bell?
I am not sure about that.  I think he wanted more money. It was definitely a contract dispute.
Which NFL team did he play for?

Oh, he played for the Pittsburgh Steelers.  He was their running back.  If he didn't sign a contract and join any team he wouldn't be able to play for the season.
Oh.    I also heard they had someone replacing him at his position.    Who was that?
I think it was James Conner.  He's only been around for two years whereas Bell has been around for a while and even been to the pro-bowl twice.
Well, age is always an issue.    Any reason they did not trade Bell?
Most likely due to his record. He is a good running back and they need one.  However, with Connor stepping up his game it seems Bell might not be so needed anymore.
Who would make that decision.   The head coach, right?   What is his name?
Mike Tomlin is the head coach and he would be the one to make the decision along with others.  Tomlin's a good coach so he knows talent when he sees it.  Word is he's happy with Connor's work so far.
I would guess the quarterback has some role too.     That Big Ben guy.   Do you know his last name?
I do, but not sure on spelling. It's Rothelsburger.  He's a good quarterback that's been around for a while too.  I've heard he likes Connor as a pass catcher.
Football is a funny game.       What about that final game coming up on the first Sunday in February?
The superbowl is coming up.  That's the game between the nfc and afc champions.  The nfc and afc are divisons of the national football league.
Thanks!     How many teams total are in the National Football League?
There are 32 teams in the league, equally divided between both conferences.
Cool.    How long is the regular season?    I know it goes all fall.
They play 16 games and then there are playoff games and the superbowl.
It seems there is a lot of dead time when I watch on TV.   Do you know how much action there actually is in a game?
It seems like i heard there is only about 11 minutes of actual playing time.  However, to me it seems like there is more.
Perhaps, but I guess they know, given all the chips inside footballs and shoulder pads.
That's true.  Football is studied quite a bit.  I suppose all the different kinds of football are studied.
Other than soccer, are there other types of football?
Yes there is Canadian football and ruby, and Australian rules football.
Do you follow the Redskins or any team in particular?
I keep an eye out for a few specific teams and have many friends who are Redskins fans. Do you have a particular favorite team or opinion on the Redskins?
My favorite team is the Patriots bur I think The Redskins have a nice team, I thinik they have a good QB and could surprise us next season
There has been recent backlash against the redskins because of their name. How do you think that has affected team morale? They've also had some qb issues lately. Do you think they have that settled?
I think they have settled the QB issues, I think the team is motivated and will move forward, hopefully they can add new talents to their roster.
Do you think there will be an adjustment season? The chemistry and dynamic of the team has certainly changed but I do think they have potential. 
I guess will just have to see how things play out, hopefully they can have a good campaign, do you have a favorite team? mine is the Cowboys
I thought you said you preferred the Patriots? 
I actually like both teams the same, the Cowboys a bit more but in general I just like football, I also like Gergia Tech
Ah I understand! I'm sure you know about the crazy Georgia Tech 1916 game with the 222-0 score?
I didnt know about that! that is a crazy victory, it happened back in 1916 so maybe thats why I dont know about it, do you think the other team retired from football?
You know, I don't know enough to say with confidence. The other team was Cumberland? It's not a team that I've heard of. That is an absurd football score though. 
I would have nightmares about the players of the other teams lol, another interesting fact is how Espn won an Emmy because of football.
For the creation of the lines for downs? I find that very interesting. It's not your average Emmy
Yeah, for the creation of the first down yellow line and I agree its not common although it has influence the game for sure.
Do you know what year that happened?
Im not sure but definetely a long time ago.
Fair enough. Did you know that women aren't technically banned from playing in the NFL? If a woman met the eligibility requirements it would be permissable for her to play!
I didnt know that but who knows if we'll be seeing one playing anytime soon
Yes I think you are right. I wonder if there are male NFL cheerleaders. Saints Cheerleaders can't eat at the same restaurant as an NFL player. Even if the cheerleader was there first they are required to leavE! 
That seems really unfair and sexist, that rule make me really angry, the Saints should change that. 
Do you watch football?
Yes I do, I am a Redskins fan and like the team this year.
That's cool. The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0!
That is an epic win! I wasnt aware of it, what foorball team do you like?
I like the Eagles. Amazing game last week! Did you know An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
I didnt know that either, interesting stats, it sure seems like a lot longer, do you know other interesting facts.
It definitely does! The NFL has no written rules against women players. 
It would be interesting to watch a woman play.
Yeah, that aspect is pro woman, but the Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave!
Thats interesting, I also heard that the Iowas University locker room for visiting teams is completely pink. 
That's really funny! In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars!
I know, it must be weird to be in a pink locker room, what do you think about the NFL chips.
It's a little creepy but gives some cool detailed information. 
Its interesting, I wonder how those stats change the game.
I'm not sure. Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games!
I didnt know they gave Emmys for that, what is your favorite NFL team?
Yeah, I didn't know that either. Kinda neat. I like the Eagles!
Yeah, that an interesting fact for a gathering, I like the Patriots and the Redskins.
Very cool. Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
I wonder if Espn won other awards.
Former Partiots RB Benjarvus Breen-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career! I learned a lot. Thanks for chatting!
Are you a fan of the steelers? 
I love football but am not a steelers fan. Are you?
Me either to be honest, I'm a redskins fan. What's your team? 
Bears. How did your season go?
Terrible, like usual. Ever since Dan Snyder bought them, they stink. How about the bears? 
We made the playoffs but lost in the first round thanks to Cody parkey's double doink... Didn't you lose your QB near the middle of the season? Kirk Cousins, right?
We did, I think he is good, but not worth the money. They made a huge mistake with RG3 a few years ago. 
Mistake? In letting him go? Drafting him? Shannahan getting him killed?
In drafting RG3. He's a great athlete, but he isn't NFL material. He is just way to small and prone to injuries. Which is what happened to him.
The Shannahans got him killed. I remember seeing Nota (big ole d-linman from the Ravens) land on him and worried about his health.
Yeah, I think he ended up going to the Ravens. Like I said he was really small entering the NFL and he told people here in DC he was gonna bulk up before his 1st season, but he never did. 
He had that track speed which was appealing. Do you remember when people that he would be better than Luck and thought he should have gone number one overall?
Yeah, I remember that. The good QBs always tend to have similar traits. They can take really hard hits, stand in the pocket, and are around a really long time. 
Yeah and I wouldn't want Big Ben on my team. Would you?
I'm not sure. He's pretty good, but he's had some bad off field antics. 
I would hate for him to call out me on the radio like he has a few of his receivers. Seems like he tries to be a leader without leadership qualities.
Oh, does he do that? I didn't know that. Hilarious!
Yeah. Did you read about Leveon bell holding out?
Oh yeah, I did. Was that why? That's absurd. 
He wanted more than $15M to play running back. $15M just doesn't go as far as it used to
Yeah, man that is a lot of money though. I would totally take it. Well, nice chatting with you. 
Saquon Barkley and Odell Beckham Jr. make a dynamic duo for the NY Giants.
They sure do, and Odell has that crazy beef with Josh Norman as well!
Beckham Jr. has always done well against Washington DB's.  Averages 8 catches and over 100 yards per gain against them.
that is pretty impressive since the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of game!
And Barkley has so many long runs.  It's amazing what can happen in those eleven minutes.
Barkley had 7 20 yard rushes not even half way through the season, he is an animal!
Washington should do well against him.  They have stopped David Johnson, Alvin Kamara, Christian McCaffery and Ezekiel Elliott pretty well.
That is impressive, those are some of the NFL's best!
Washington will also have to deal with Barkley's receiving skills.  He is good out of the backfield.
He sure is, and then pair that with Beckham and it can be hard to stop!
The key to stopping the Giants will be to pressure Eli Manning.
maybe if they do that they can win 222-0 like Georgia tech!
Maybe... that's stretching things.  Then again, the Redskins have Alex Smith and Adrian Peterson.
that they do, and they are a great tandem, hopefully they stay healthy!
Healthy is the key.  NFL careers are notoriously short, partly due to injury.  The average NFL player earns less in their lifetime than an engineer.
I have heard that, and engineers certainly have a safer job!
Even worse are fraternizing rules.  New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player.  Really!
I have heard that as well, I wonder what the rationale is there?
Who knows?  Yet the NFL has no rules against female players.
that is true, I wonder what girl has come the closest to playing! maybe as a kicker?
Who knows! The university of iowa's visitor locker room is painted pink.
hello.
Hi, do you like football ?
I love it. Im a Steeler fan. How about you.
I am  Red Skins fan, like the guy who won the contest at at Bucs game. 
Oh. Well Im sorry to hear that lol.
I like what he did, I was force to wear a Bucs shirts, but underneath there was a RedSkins shirt with the number 47. 
Thats funny. Did you know the Iowa university locker room for visiting team is painted pink.
No, I did not know that, why did they do this ?
I would say to pysch the other team out. Do you think it worked.
I don't know, pink, beside being feminine, is quite a neutral color. I would have chosen to decorate the locker with clowns if it was me. 
Or like a bloody nightmare on the walls. Something crazy like that would be awesome.
I think I would be almost cheating. Do you like watching football on TV ?
No it would be funny. Cheating happens on the field. Lol.
Do you think that Georgia Tech cheated when they won 222- 00 against Cumberland ?
I think that is just crazy. How could that even happen.
Maybe it was their first game. Or they did not have even a team, so cobbled something with a group of somewhat fit students. 
I dont follow what your saying.
Forget, it is too complicated, how would you feel if you won 222-00  ?
I would feel like a real jerk for running the score up so high, but I suppose I would feel accomplished about my ability to do it.
Me too, I would feel  a little proud, but if I injured myself during the game I would feel really bad, it was not worth it. 
I would say if you are able to beat a team by that much. They are no match physicaly. It would probably be them who needs to be worried about injuries.
But people hurt themselves without the aid of the others team. Do you like the other kind of football, like soccer ?
Not really. I think people hurt themselves because they are giving extra effort because the other team is good. 
There could be some rivalries between the players of the same team. But usually it happens in teams that are already struggling. 
Have a good day. Gotta run.
Do you like football?
I like to go to the games, yes. I've been reading a lot about the Redskins.
Oh yeah? I wish they'd do away with that name already.
Why's that? 
It's pretty offensive, but I guess I'm not surprised; there are a lot of offensive things in football. Apparently, the Saints cheerleaders have to get up mid-meal and leave if a player comes into the same restaurant.
I've heard that as well. Yes, I agree there are many offensive things in football.  I've even heard that the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams is painted completely pink. 
If only we could go back to when bowlers made twice as much as football stars. I'd get into bowling, for sure!
I hear that!  But, now-a-days, the biggest money is now in football for sure.  Did you hear what the highest score ever was in a football game?
I believe 222! During a college football game.
Yes, that 's the same thing I heard. Not only was the highest score 222 but the other team only had 0. That was Georgia Tech who defeated Cumberland way back in 1916.  What an embarrassment that must have been.
That is a pretty crazy number. Did you know the former running back of the patriots never fumbled the ball once?
Yes, that would be Benjarvus Green-Ellis. That pretty unbelievable that he never fumbled the football in his NFL career. Not even once.
I wish Americans had rugby football.
Yes, I like rugby football. As far as I know, it's more like soccer but there might be different versions of it as well.
I believe it's like soccer, but you can hold the ball. Football, after all, is just a sport that involves kicking a ball to score a goal.
Yes, and scoring is the most important part of the game. Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line on the TV screen to signify first down?  That was pretty cool.
It definitely makes watching the game on TV much easier.
That's for sure. Not to change the subject but let me ask, do you use an iPhone?
I do not, but I have a smart phone. Crazy how information is just spread with a 2.7" cable laying across the ocean floor.
That's true. Even though neither you nor I have an iPhone, I heard that it has more computing power that the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent. Now, that's something to write home about
Way different than rotary phones. They chose the area code 212 in NY because it was the easiest to dial on rotary phones.
good morning.
Good morning!  Did you hear about the die hard Redskins fan Ryan Totolo who wore a Buccaneers shirt during an on field promotion?
Thats nuts. I am a steelers fan. I would never do something like that.
I'm a Steelers fan too!  Awesome!  Nothing like Steelers fans.
Nope. Most loyal fans in the league. As a steelers fan I am getting sick of the patriots though. Lol.
Yes.  I agree.  lol  Do you ever watch Pittsburgh dad on youtube?  You'll have to check him out.  Funny stuff.  Did you know that former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his career?
I haven't seen that. I will check it out though. That is pretty amazing to go your whole career without fumbling. 
I agree.  The highest score ever in a football was in 1916 Georgia Tech. beat Cumberland 222-0.  That's a crazy stat there.
I just dont see how that could happen. Everything would have to go perfect.
LOL it's like a crazy backyard game of football  Another interesting tidbit is the University of Iowa's locker room if painted completely pink for visiting teams.
I wonder if it has any effect on the other team being ready to play or not.
It might.  Maybe it's for breast cancer awareness?  I think it's funny how they call soccer football in other parts of the world.
Yeah We americans are a little different in that regard. They take their soccer seriously in other countries.
Yes.  I've worked with a few people from England and they were crazy about their soccer.  I was just reading something interesting.  The president of Indonesia realeased 3 pop albums while he was in office.
You would think he would have more important things to do huh.
Yes.  lol.  Up until 1805 the runner up in the U.S presidential election automatically became the vice president.
Think about if it was still like that today. Trump and hillary running this country together. Id like to be a fly on the wall in some of those meetings.
LOL yes!  I agree.  The first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!  LOL
Now introducing, President banana. snickers from the crowd. Lol.
LOL  The top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I thought someone from this era would have made that list.
Me as well. Did you know the presidents guest house is actually bigger htan the white house.
I never knew that.  Interesting!  Too bad we can't have a Steeler in politics.  I think Rocky Bleire was in politcs for awhile.
I heard that. Well its been good chatting with you. Got to be getting ready for work.
Hello! Are you a big fan of football at all?
Yep!  Da Bears!  How about you?
Da Vikes lol. I'm from Iowa and am a Iowa Hawkeye fan as well.
Well at least we are in the same division.  Did you know that in the 60's Pro Bowlers made more money than top football stars?
Dang I should have been a bowler back in the day! I would have been somebody! I wish I could have seen the college game that was 222-0!
I think that happened in 1916.  A bit before my time.  I guess they didn't have mercy rules back then.  LOL
Way before mine too! I bet the other team wished it. I wonder if Georgia Tech painted their locker room pink like Iowa does.
Football includes so many types of games.  Rugby, soccer, and gridiron to name a few.
And they are all different sports too lol. Football is even winning Emmy's lol.
I was upset that the Patriots won again.  Although they had a RB that never fumbled the ball in his career.
That is one crazy stat, was it Benjarus Green-Ellis?
Yep.  What do you think of Roger Goodell?  As president of the league I wish we could vote his butt out!
Yes I agree! He hasn't done much to improve the game like he said he would! He is so rich from it too!
Speaking of presidents, how do you like the one we have now?
No comment... I would like to see him release pop albums like the president of Indonesia has haha.
No comment?!  LOL.  Its hard to believe that Washington was among the richest presidents in American history.
Yes I think JFK and Jefferson were up there too?
Honestly,  Trump would end up selling more pop albums than most singers today.  They would get upset and investigate his street cred.  LOL
hahaha too funny! If the first president of Zimbabwe was called banana, was the second called orange?
Nice!!  Zimbabwe, thats in Africa.  That's where our last president came from.  You know, Mr. Obama.  He was from Kenya.
Yes that is interesting! I'm going to look up more crazy facts! Have a great day!
I wonder what interest Unicef has in reducing cell phone usage.
I heard they are donating a day of clean water for children in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. 
Yeah, I know. That's why I wondered what their interest was in reducing cell phone usage.
That I'm not sure, seems like other things could be given up that would help ease waste produced. 
Yeah, and it's an agency concerned with children, so that's weird. I don't have a cell phone anyway, so I guess it's a moot point.
Speaking of phones, do you know why New York's area code is 212?
Yeah, they gave the lowest numbers to the cities with the highest populations so it would take less time to dial them on rotary phones. I guess NY was the biggest city at the time.
Good call, did you ever use one of those rotary phones?
Yeah, I'm that age LOL. I grew up with a rotary phone in my house. How about you?
Yeah same here, we didn't have one very long, but in my friend's basement we still had to use it for years, one buddy was always confused. 
Unfortunately with all the automated phone menus these days it would be hard to get by with one any more.
Yeah it sure would, not many people own landline phones anymore, I'm assuming you still do correct?
Yeah I have to -- I live in a wireless dead zone, so I also get Internet access through a DSL connection.
Nice, how about tv, do you watch much NFL football during the season?
I don't have TV either. Not much of a sports fan anyhow. Do you?
Yeah, but I mainly just follow my local favorite team, they didn't do very well this season. 
What team's your favorite?
I like the Packers, always have and will.  I used to love watching Brett Favre play. Did you know women can technically play?
No, I don't know much about their rules, but I guess they just assumed it was something understood when they wrote the rules -- and then society changed?
I think it would be very cool if a female player made a pro roster and played.  It would give hope to young fans out there. 
I agree. That would be awesome. Nice chatting with you!
Do you watch much football?
Hi! I really enjoy American football though my peers claim that their version of 'football' is much better, otherwise known as soccer. Do you?
I'll watch it if it is on but I'm not a huge fan. I confess I don't really understand it. 
So from an 'outsider', want to take a guess at why the University of Iowa's opposing teams locker room is painted completely pink?
I'm guessing they did it as an intimidation thing since pink is considered by some to be a girly weak color. 
Yeah! I wonder if it worked and whether they were able to score anywhere close to what Georgia Tech did in 1916, when they defeated Cumberland by 222 points!
Wow that seems like a complete slaughter. At what point do you just sort of give up when the points go that high?
Yeah, I think my pride would be very defeated and they probably just let them win when they realized a turnaround wasn't like to happen.
I was surprised to learn that the NFL has chips in their uniforms and the ball. I wonder what they use the data for. 
My guess is to collect information and sell it to teams like what all data is used for but maybe the agents can use it to negotiate better contracts for their players.
That makes a lot of sense. I hope they are using some of it to make the sport safer for the players too. Those head injuries are just terrible. 
I agree, football is such a dangerous sports and concussions definitely result from that, since ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line in games, I wonder if the researcher who makes breakthrough findings will win Nobel prize.
I'd be willing to give him one. There are so many reports of post concussion mental health issues. I don't think for the emphasis that we put on football we are doing enough to make sure that we aren't permanently damaging these young men's brains. 
I agree, I actually read a book about this which delve into Aaron Hernandez, the patriots player who killed people and then committed suicide and researchers are now studying his brain. Pretty great of the family to donate his brain for science!
That is awesome. I hope that some of the research done can help the people that are still dealing with the same issues. 
If you had kids or have kids, would you let them play football or other sports? 
I do have kids and I want them to play sports but I worry about the impacts. I think it will depend a lot on the local leagues and what they are doing to play safe. 
I know, there are so many advantages of letting kids play sports but when I read about stories, I imagine the worst. The NFL doesn't have written rules against female players from playing, but I think if a female were to play in the game, it would catch everyone's attention and be heavily publicized in the news.
I think the media would have a frenzy. It would be called radical feminism or women's empowerment. Of course all of us stuck in the middle would be like well let's see if she can whup the patriots. 
Lol, considering there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay, the female would only have to survive those intense 11 minutes and try not to be tackled by those 300 pound linebackers!
That's true. I always thought that some of the female soccer players would make excellent kickers. 
Do you like football?
I do like it somewhat. I used to love the game but it's so expensive to get tickets now. How about  you? So you enjoy the game?
I do enjoy it and yeah tickets are expensive so I usually watch the games at homes with family and friends, did you watch the Superbowl?
Yes, I was pulling for the under-dog, but the Patriots are tough. What other kinds of 'football' sports have you ever seen?
I like to watch Rugby and soccer as well, rugby has a lot of different rules
I always am amazed that they don't get hurt more in rugby. I don't understand it but it is interesting especially when they get into those big huddles and push and shove!
Did you ever watch the player Benjarvus Green Ellis play?
No, who is that? A football player or a rugby player?
He is a former football players, used to play for the Patriots was a RB, well thing is he never fumbled a ball in his career
That's quite an accomplishment. I imagine a lot of quarter backs would love that stat! I think it's so funny that the University of Iowa painted their visiting team all pink. Pretty obvious psychological tactic!
That sounds like a really funny tactic lol, I guess the other teams are taken suprise by this, at least teams that dont know the locker rooms
Right! But why are we so caught up in a silly gender specific color! Since it's not against the rules, I assume some day there will be female players and then there may be lots of feminine things in a locker room! Ha.
I guess so, yeah, ESPN made a great contribution to the game with the yellow first down line, 
Wow, yes! You forget how many innovations TV has brought to watching the game. Its funny that they won an emmy for it. I only think of emmys as acting awards.
Yeah me too but I guess the yellow first down line deserves the price, crazy how bowlers made more money and fooball players back in the 60s
That is funny. I bet that same thing isn't true today. NFL players make so much. Can't imagine that its even close to bowler's winnings now. TV has made a big difference in the game. Crazy that they actually only play for 11 minutes each game!
I agree tech has changed the game in some cases for worse but also for the better, did you know the players have chips embedded in their shoulders?
I guess that's how they get all those stats. I wonder if they will ever use those chips to determine whether a player steps out of bounds or actually crosses the goal line?
I bet they will in a future, the football also has tracking chips, all kinds of cool stats are taken out of them
So coaches who contest rulings, may be able to use those chips to get the calls reversed to their side? 
That would be a good application for them, but maybe football should stay as is, tech can take the fun out of it sometimes
Hi!  Are you a football fan?
Hi, how are you? Sure!
I tend to watch more college ball myself, how about you?
I follow the NFL around playoff time. I like those games because the stakes are high and there is a lot of energy.
Same here.  Maybe a bit more than the 11 minutes of average live game play.
I thought it would be more, but I guess the players are waiting and standing a lot. Still lots of injuries in just 11 minutes.
Yeah.  Had to be a lot more action in that 222-0 game.  Hard to score that much in 11 minutes.
Yes. I thought that blowout was cruel. What was the point there?
I am not sure.  But major kudos to the losing team, it isnt easy to keep going like that but they did.
Yes, they played the game that should never have been scheduled. I wonder what their coach said to them after the game.
I dont know, that would be a hard thing to coach them through.  I wonder if there is a mercy rule enacted after that.
Perhaps there is. I thought one team would put in its weakest players to balance things out. Maybe even the cheerleaders.
Speaking of cheerleaders, did you hear about how the Saints Cheerleaders are treated?
The cheerleaders in the NFL are underpaid and overworked. They are sex symbols, but really get little respect.
They also cant eat in the same restaurant as a player and if a player walks in they ave to leave.
I think that system is sexist. Why did they institute that? Was there a problem with romance or something? Is that even legal?
I dont even know.  I mean if there was a problem with romance, then you address it with the people it applies to.  They are adults, they should be responsible for their own decisions.
Exactly. No need for ridiculous rules that make the cheerleaders look like hussies. 
For real.  I heard they also must block players from following them on social media.    
Hm. I guess there have been problems with relationships. Well, everybody is entitled to make mistakes. I figure they are responsible adults. Anyway, great chat!
It was a good chat!  Have a great night!
Did you know that the average NFL game only had 11 minutes of live gameplay?
That does not surprise me--here is so much stopping and going. I guess if you add it up over the 16 games a team plays over the course of a regular season, it's a couple of hours haha
Since I do not watch football I would not mind if the games reflected those few hours without the averaging LOL
Yes, I think the ways other varieties of football are played in other countries are a more efficient use of time
Possibly. Do you think it is really impossible for to separate two phone books that have their pages overlapped?
Well, I suppose you could just burn them! It's a good thing they're obsolete; did you know that in iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent?
That is true. It would be less time consuming LOL I had no idea.I wonder if that is true for all iPhones or any of them.
It's amazing how physically fragile all of our information systems are, considering how much data they store and move. The phone and internet data cables on the ocean floor are only 2.7" in diameter!
It really is amazing. That is such a tiny cable to be responsible for transporting our data. And we trust it makes it even more odd. At least it has been sturdy so far!
Yes, there still is some robustness in metal and plastic objects. Remember rotary phones? NY has the 212 area code because it's the quickest number to dial on one of those.
Rotary phones should make a come back. I want to know why 212 was chosen for New York and not for somewhere else.
I bet it's because it was the biggest city in America in the beginning of the 19th century (as it is now). I don't imagine too many people had phones on the west coast back then, it would've been crazy expensive to get those cables in place!
I was thinking that had to have been the case. 
Yes, they didn't really have radio back then, either, and now it's used to transmit internet data and track football players moves via chips in their should pads! 
They really have internet data stored in chips in the shoulder pads of football players??
Well, wifi uses radio waves to relay information, as do RFID chips that they use to track objects' movement and identify pets and stuff.
I didn't know anyone was tracking football player activity though. I don't know much about football or what they do outside of the field.
Well, both NFL players and those associated with them have to follow rules. New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player!
Their rules need updating a little. I suppose the separation of the cheerleaders and the team is to keep focus.
Yes, especially since they have such short careers as players. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than that of an average NFL player!
Wow! Most NFL players seem to not really make much money at all. Good thing I notice a lot attend college or plan to after retiring or forced retirement. 
Some players say that their major in college was staying eligible...it's a pretty bleak future for them if they don't save their money and set up business opportunities while they're famous.
Very true. It helps to invest while you have some value and a positive public opinion.
Yes. Nice chatting, have a pleasant evening!
You too!
Bye.
I had a good super bowl weekend. Do you enjoy the NFL?
I didn't catch the game due to lack of cable.  I prefer college, but I watch NFL games every now and then.
It was not a good game but I got to eat bad food ha ha. Did you know that in a game there is only an average 11 minutes of actual gameplay? That's insane when games are that long.
It really is crazy to think that out of an hour long clock time, 3 hours or so of time the game takes, that there is only that much real action in the game.  I think it is interesting that the lifetime earnings of an engineer exceed that of the average football player.  
That is surprising to me. It's much less difficult on your body so I would lean towards going that route. I just recently learned that the NFL has no written rules against female players. 
I don't know if a female has ever played in the NFL, but I heard a few years ago that there was a female referee on one of the crews.
I don't know of any female players. Apparently they would have to meet the league's eligibility requirements and I'm not sure what those are. I don't know if very many women would be large enough. 
I agree, as an athletic woman myself, and knowing some very fit women, none of them would stand a chance being smashed by some of those guys.  Nor would they want to.  You only get one body.
Agreed. A lot of those guys are enormous. As a woman myself I do not appreciate the sexism that the Saints treat their cheerleaders with.
I know!  That is crazy.  I am  surprised that things like that can even happen today.  I have too much respect for myself to ever agree to something so sexist, or stupid.  They should be able to eat where they want when they want, regardless of who walks in.
Yes. I can't believe they have to stop eating their food if a player enters and leave. They were there first. What is the reasoning behind that kind of treatment?
Entitlement.  I can't think of any other reason.  I have known a person who was a Bucs cheerleader.  As well as a woman who played Gaelic Football.  She was one tough chick.
Sounds like it. I have also heard that most cheerleaders make around minimum wage which is also ridiculous. Did you know that they use chips in the footballs and players shoulder pads to track every movement?
I had heard something about helmets to track movement for concussions, but I just heard about pads recently.  If they have all that technology, they I don't know why there are so many questionable calls.
I was just going to ask that. Why don't they use that then instead of just reviews? 
I wonder if it is to just track speed and impact like the sensors in the balls.  But even the sensors in the balls can track location.
Yes I do not understand it. Did you know that in the 1960's pro bowlers made more than pro football players? That seems crazy now. 
It does, but so does ESPN winning an Emmy for creating the yellow line in the football games.  Sometimes, things don't make sense, you just have to smile and accept it.
I'm very glad that they created that. I can't imagine watching a game and tracking it without that line. Have you heard of Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
I know, the line is a life saver, when my mom watched her first high school football game for my brother she wondered why it wasn't there.  Lol.
Ha ha. It makes watching way easier. 
Hello! Here's a shout out to the 212 (NY area code that is...)  You know why they chose 212?
Actually, no, I don't know much about area codes!
212 was the easiest number to dial on the old rotary phones!
Hah! That actually makes a lot of sense! I didn't know that but I did know that the guy who invented the dial telephone was an undertaker!
That's a guy I would not want a call from! You know the UNICEF will donate clean water to needy children for every minute you do NOT use your phone!  Sometimes it pays to shut down!
I had no idea about that! I will have to look into that. Sounds like you know a lot about technology, do you know anything about the NFL?
Sure! The average gameplay time in  an NFL game is only 11 minutes!  We make a lot of fuss over 11 minutes! Are you a football fan?
I've just started to understand it a little bit better. That's crazy about the gameplay time! I just found out that NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players' shoulder pads to record all their moves!
Yeah, and I think New Orleans tracks their locations off of the field too!  They do not allow cheerleaders to eat at the same restaurants as the players. Who keeps track of that?
Well that's pretty crazy!Funny story - Snoop Dogg actually wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team. I bet that would be interesting to hear!
Awesome!  You what else I love about football? Those yellow lines they project on the TV screens to keep track of the location of yard sticks. ESPN won an Emmy for thinking that one up!
Yeah, that actually helped me a lot when I first started trying to figure out football! The American flags at stadiums are pretty amazing too. They weigh 1100 pounds!
Nice!  That's a lot of pomp for those circumstances! And to think that back in the 1960s, the best bowlers made twice as much money as the top football players. 
What?? That's pretty incredible. Did you ever keep up with the whole debacle with Urban Meyer, the football coach from Ohio State?
No, what happened? Did he take his team to the Univ of Iowa visitors pink locker room and freak out?
Apparently there were a bunch of domestic violence allegations against him from a former assistant and he didn't handle it very well!
Didn't handle it well?  Perhaps , maybe if he had taken lessons from the Patriot's Benjarvus Green-Ellis. their former running back who never fumle a football his entire NFL career, then he would have handled it better!
Haha! That's a pretty amazing stat. Well, there's a long line of domestic violence in the NFL that's just kind of been glossed over, so I think there's a pattern there unfortunately.
I imagine there was a bit of violence after the historic 222-0 loss Cumberland suffered at the hands of Georgia Tech. It had to be off the field, because it doesn't look like Cumberland even showed up for the game!
Whoa!! I've never heard of that happening before! Do you know what year that happened?
1915. And after 104 years, it is still a record!  Nice chatting with you!
Do you watch football a lot?
Hi, no I don't but I do sometimes. I think it is a great sport!
I am not too into it myself. Perhaps it's because there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay on average in each game.
Very true! It takes hours to watch lol, I think it's great that the nfl has no written rules against female players....
Yeah, I wonder if any women will ever meet the requirements. I just wish that people were more willing to watch women's professional sports.
Me too! I love women's sports! I think it's crazy that the New Orleans Saints Cheerleaders are never allowed to eat at the same restaurant while any NFL players are dining in!
Yeah, I wonder why that is. It's crazy how glorified football players are. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
Wow, that is interesting, you would never think that could be true! I find it interesting too that the Nfl uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record their moves on the field, I had no idea! 
Yeah, it's interesting how much attention is put into technology in the NFL. Did you know ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line?
Really? That's awesome, it is a good invention for sure. I didn't know the NFL  merged with the AFL way back in 1966, never knew that!
Football has progressed so much. I don't think we've seen a score as bad as the Cumberland football game in 1916 where they lost 0 to 222.
Wow, that is a high score! I think it's great that Everson Griffen spoke up about his mental health issues after he took time off from the Vikings and when he came back he spoke openly about it. I think their is such stigma about mental health that was brave of him!
Yeah, it seems like a lot of NFL players battle with depression, and some of them do not want to speak up about it. Steve Smith Sr. recently talked about battling depression as well. He's one of the toughest wide receivers.
I read about that too, more and more people are coming forward about it and I think it is a good thing. Also Brian Dawkins spoke about his depression during his Hall of Fame induction speech. Great men.
It must be hard to admit what he did.
He did and even other athletes have come forward about their struggles who play other sports as well, Even Michael Phelps came forward about his struggles.
Yeah, and Joe Barksdale not only came forward about suicide consideration but also about the abuse he suffered as a child.
Wow, that's amazing and brave of him to do, none of that can be easy to discuss but it helps others to seek treatment and we need that in America, NFLs Brandon Marshall has called it the civil rights issue of our era.
I agree. Griffen said that he got treatment and it was the right thing for him. Hopefully that makes others brave enough to seek treatment.
I think it already has among these athletes and hopefully this spreads the positivity to others to get help and suicide is not the answer. Very good thing these men who are looked at as invincible and strong can even have these issues...
Yeah, it is interesting to learn the men behind their tough facades.
Hi, do you have a favorite football team?
Good morning.  Yes, I do The New England Patriots.  How about you?
Same here and I can't believe the running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football not even once! That's no easy feat!
No, it's not.  I can't imagine the pressure he felt! Do you watch any Soccer?
Yeah that's immense stress! I do, sometimes, actually I think I only watch the World Cup, do you?
That's about how much I watch too.  I read somewhere that Snoop Dog wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team.  How cool is that?
That's pretty neat. I wonder how much game time the average high school football team has, it's got to be more than the NFL which only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!
I know that's true and so hard to believe.  That last Superbowl I watched was about 3 hours long.  I tell you, I was shocked to find out those humongous US flags at football stadiums weigh like 1100 pounds and cost about $50,000 to make!
Exactly, with only eleven minutes of game play and yet I devote an entire afternoon or evening to watching the games! They look very heavy but I didn't realize they were that expensive, has anyone ever tried to steal it?
IDK?  Probably be very hard to smuggle out weighing that much! lol I know NFL football is popular, but I had no idea college football was so popular, also.  14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American College football teams.
That's true too! Wow, do you have a favorite college football team? I wonder if the college cheerleaders are treated like the Saints cheerleaders where they are forbidden to eat in the presence of the football players!
Yes, my Alma Mater, University of Florida Gators.  Go Gators!  That's a weird rule they have, makes you wonder what happened to prompt that rule to be put in place?
Oh my goodness! I used to live in Jacksonville so I know what you're talking about! Exactly and how come no cheerleader has come out to speak up about it, maybe they want to avoid bad publicity but I think it's doing the exact opposite!
Me too! You know as big as NFL and college football are, there is a high school football stadium in Texas that seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build.
I have never been to that stadium, I have been to a couple longhorns games but I don't think that stadium seats as many people as 18,000! So it's true, "everything's bigger in Texas", even stadiums!
Apparently, that is true! On a different note, do you own a car?
Yes, I do own a car and drive through the drive-thru of restaurants all the time, the drive-thru came about from McDonald's to accommodate soldiers who weren't allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their uniforms, that's a great invention!
Yeah, that was nice of Mcdonald's to do and it has revolutionized the fast food industry for sure. I just moved to Ohio, where it is cold and just found out it is illegal to warm my car up in the morning.  Isn't that crazy?
Wow, I didn't know that, so I guess car sellers can't advertise the cars come with remote start function! 
It's useless up here.  I can't wait to get back to Florida.  I freeze every morning!
Lol, I hope you stay warm and I also moved from the South up to the North, I still can't get over having to shovel the driveway every morning!
Hi, how are you doing today?
I'm doing ok, have you heard of CTE?
Yeah, it seems awfully scary for football players.
Yeah, I'm not surprised it reminds me of punch drunk boxers. 
I've heard that North Carolina football coach, Larry Fedora has questioned the relationship between football and CTE and some have backed him, like Fox sports.  I'm not so sure.
I saw that. They should question it. The problem is that they have not found a way to diagnose it until after death when they can look at your brain. 
Bad way to get a diagnosis. I agree football is a lot safer,nowadays.  But, some of those collisions are pretty hard.
Yeah, it is still brutal if you play. The NFL did concede 2 years ago the connection. 
Fedora and CTE is kind of like Trump and climate change.  Lol But, I think there are many sports where your head can get banged pretty hard, besides football.
What is climate change? 
Global warming/ climate change Lol all the same
Did you know the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink? 
High intimidation factor there. Do you watch any Canadian football?
I have seen a few games. We just watched the super bowl here on Sunday. 
Cool, were you rooting for the Patriots to win the Super bowl again?  
Neither team. The game wasn't that good either. Apparently ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line for first downs. 
I agree it was a pretty non descript game, lowest scoring game ever.  I didn't know that about ESPN winning an Emmy for creation of  the Yellow lines for first downs
I have to admit, they deserve the EMMY for it. It makes the game enjoyable. Apparently Green Ellis never fumbled in his career. 
I agree.  That's an impressive feat to never have fumbled a ball his whole career.  
yeah, he must have been a great player. In the 1960s bowlers made twice as much as top football players. 

That's funny about the bowlers, especially knowing how much money these football stars get paid today.However, the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of a NFL player.  Plus, you don't have to worry about CTE.
I'm not surprised, the less known players probably only play a year or so. 
Hi! Guess what's allowed in South Africa to prevent car jacking?
I guess you can use flame-throwers on your car to keep someone from car jacking you. How does that work?
I don't know! I'd like to see it. Cars sure have come a long way since they were first made available to the general public in 1908.
The first modern car was made by a German Inventor, Karl Benz. 
Yes. I wonder if Mercedes-Benz is named after him. I hadn't known that cars came from Germany. They seem so American.
I believe that they were. I was surprised to find out that the McDonald's drive thru was designed for soldiers who couldn't get out of their cars in their fatigues.
Yes, it's interesting that they were not allowed to exit their cars while wearing fatigues. I don't think that rule exists anymore. I wonder what the reasoning behind it was.
It was in the 1970s, so maybe there was a lot of animosity because of the Vietnam War.
Yes, 1975. 89 years after the birth of the modern car.
The old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back. That's why the back of the car is called the trunk.
Yes. It makes sense. Although the trunk is called a boot in the UK. I hope they didn't make cars with an actual boot on the back.
That would be funny. Maybe that's where the saying "kick him to the curb" came from. 
You never know! Did you know that cars were slower to catch on in Europe than America? I wonder when they caught on in other parts of the world.
I don't know. I think that Henry Ford made them more accessible with his interchangeable parts.
Yes, the Model T.
The Cadillac car brand was also made in Detroit and was named after a French explorer.
Yes! The arrival of cars really transformed Detroit.
I wonder what led to the city's downfall. There is a lot of media coverage about the downtrodden city of Detroit.
Yes, I think that also has to do with changes in the automotive industry. But maybe it will recover. Did you know that someone became a pro race car driver by beating 90,000 people at Gran Turismo?
No, I didn't! I wonder how he even did that?
I have no idea! I'll look it up and give you a call later on. It's been great talking. Have a good day!
Hey do you ever watch football on TV?
Hello there, I do, did you watch the super bowl recently?
I did watch it with the Patriots. They are awesome! Did you know a team in Iowa painted the opposing team's locker-room pink?
Yeah the Patriots won again, very impressive.  And I read that, I wonder who gave the final ok for them to do that!
Yeah I don't know. have you ever gone bowling? The top Bowlers used to make twice as much as the top football players
I love going bowling and that shows how far the NFL has come since back then. 
Bowling is awesome! I wish I could see the highest-ever scoring football game. It sounds like a major blowout. 222-0!
That sounds like no defense or even no other team even showed up to play that one!
No I feel bad for Cumberland. They got a complete blowout on that game haha. This was back in 1916 though.
Yeah same here, I wonder how many of the fans were still there when the final whistle blew?
Yeah I would have left almost immediately haha. Do you like the Patriots though? BenJarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball and he plays for them
I don't like them, but think they are one of the best teams ever this past decade or so.  And that is incredible!
I agree! Have you ever seen football on TV and they have the yellow line that makes the first down marker? That was developed by ESPN and they won an Emmy
Yeah I remember when they first came up with that, it really helped make the game more exciting to watch on tv. 
It definitely makes it a lot easier to follow. Did you know that the NFL allows female players technically? There is no rule against it
I read that, I think it would be so cool if a female player made a pro roster soon. 
Yeah I think that will happen in our lifetime. What is weird to be is that an average NFL game only last for about 11 minutes, if you're counting life gameplay
That is weird, I don't think you notice so much when watching on tv but do when attending live games. 
Well the Super Bowl this year was kind of boring so I kind of noticed haha. Did you hear about how the New Orleans Saints treat their cheerleaders?
Yeah it wasn't as exciting as last years thats for sure.  And I read that, seems a bit outdated to me. 
Yeah they shouldn't have to leave if a player comes into a restaurant that they're already sitting at. That is so stupid
Hello do you like football?
Yes, I do , Do you? In 1960 top bowlers made more money than football stars.
I do like it but I do not follow it.  Thats pretty amazing,  must have been a good time to be a bowler. 
Yes, 222-0 is a defeated game in 1916!
That is a very impressive score by georgia tech. 
Yes, very. Hard to believe there is a football locker room painted pink in Iowa!
Yeah must be a tactic of some sort,  I think to soften them up. 
Yes, that would. No written rule against female players.
Thats interesting,  I wonder why we dont see more female football players then
I know, Didn't know New Orleans cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if any NFL player come in.
That is really rude.  Maybe the football players should give them a schedule of where they are eating so the cheerleaders can plan accordingly instead of having to leave in mid meal
A better idea! Those tracking chips must help alot!
Is amazing what technology contributes to sports
Agree, How would you like your car equipped with a flame-thrower?lol
eeek.  I dont think I have a need for a flame thrower,  maybe if I lived in snow lol 
Ha, ha, ha. yes! Did you know how the name of trunk for the car was from wooden trunks?
I guess that makes sense,  they used to tie them to the backs of cars. 
Yes, can't imagine beating 90,000 people in a video game.
People have pretty crazy stats like that on super smash bros. 
Really, WoW! Did you know Cadillac was named after a french explorer?
Yeah I think he was from detroit. 
Yes, Love the Benz! Great chat!!
good talking to you.
do you like football?
I sure do. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
Yes and I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players
Good point. In the 60s bowlers made more than football players
Yeah I guess it was a more popular sport back then
Yeah. Do you know the highest score in cllege football?

Yes it was 22-0 and do you know who was playin?
Yes Georgia Tech beat Cumberland and that was in 1916
Yeah. ESPN won an Emmy once, do you know what for?
Yes it was for the superimposed yellow line
Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-ELlis is?
Yes the guy that never fumbled the ball in his career
Yes. Did you know that  football means different things in various countries?
Yes it can be Canadian or Australian football, it can be soccer or rugby

Yeah. Did you know that women can play in the NFL?
Yes there is no rule against them if they qualify
Yes. The game play in a game is actually only 11 minutes
Yes and we are glued to the tv for forever it seems
I know. Did you know engineers earn more than football players over the lifetime?
I guess their careers are longer to so maybe that helps
Good point there. Nice chatting with you
Hi, how are you doing this evening?
Very well, just thinking about Football. Love how its a family kind of sport. Rather watching or playing
That's so true.  Grandkids love to play and I love watching the NFL games on tv. How about you?
love watching On Tv and paying.  years ago ESPN won an emmy football. Love that it gets reconation 
Yeah, ESPN won the Emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down, I believe.
yes which is great. the 32 teams that the NFL consist of make it a fun creative venture to go on for TV productors
Did you watch the recent Superbowl?
I did. I saw a commericale about a women who might become the first player in the league. Theres no rule there cant be.
That's true, I'd like to see at least one female player, maybe a pretty one.  
very cool to see her take full advance of those 11 mins a  standard game last.
You know, I never realized an actual game only has 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.  I swear that Superbowl was three hours long.
all the stop and go makes it look long. only 17 weeks of play, but at times it feels like a full year
I hear that.  Just crazy.
very cray, I love how they have new tech in the sport as well. Lost of tracking going on with the embedded shoulder pads
Yeah, that's pretty cool all the new technology.Kind of scary how closely every move is watched on the field.
dont like how they make so much money much like enginners
Well actually, I read somewhere that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
yeah they do, doesnt seem like thats how it should work, but ok. They buy all the things they want witl that money. like fast cars
Do you own a car?
yes cadilac. Got that one because its a detrout made family car from the founders of the city na dits my home town
That's cool, well it's been nice chatting.  I need to get to work, I'll talk to you later, friend.
Daniel Snyder is a great business man although Im not sure if cutting links with his radio stations is the best choice
He seems to be... but he can't run an NFL franchise if you ask me!
Yeah I agree, the Redskins are an ordinary team, that could change under a better management, maybe he doesnt have the time,
LOL... he's a business man that owns a multimillion dollar franchise.  How is that an excuse?
Well maybe the radio stations take too much of his time and thats why he decided to cut them loose, do you listen to the radio anymore?
I am sure if someone can make a ventriliquist act be succesful on radio, then there is no excuse for him.  By the way can you please respond faster?  I don't have all day!
Ok sorry Im just a slow typer, there is a Canadian law that says that 40% of the music has to be Canadian
Yeah i saw that!  I wanna hear solar activity into sound  Thts cool!  
That does sound cool, Jupiter also has storms that are so strong an AM frequency can pick them
Man... can you believe that the only president ever to have a PHD was Woodrow wilson, thats crazy!
That is crazy! the only one? at least we dont have pop stars running the country
And the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR... geez!
We should have better educated presidents, the nuclear football shouldnt be taken lightly, what are your thoughs on Trump?
He's fine.... i think all politicians are fake... he's probably the most real one we have had in a long time.
I see, well he sure is creating controversy in the white house, his guest house is larger than the white house that must be a really big house
I a, sure it is... it is for the president!  LOL  See snoop wrote a fight song for his HS?
I didnt catch that one, do you watch the chanel ESPN?
I used to, but i don't have cable anymore.
I see, well ESPN won an emmy because they created the yellow first down line in football, 
WOW... that's awesome!   I love that yellow line!!!  See college stadiums are some of the biggest stadiums in the world?
Really? bigger than pro football stadiums? they must cost a lot of money to be built
Great chat... thanks for picking up the pace!
Hi, how are you?
Do you like the NFL?  I read the other day that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameaplay
I love the NFL. Only 11 minutes? The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.
wow that is crazy.  I also saw that the NFL has no written rule against female players
I am watching the Pats game now and there's the first female official working the post season, Sarah Thomas.
That is interesting.  I saw that the NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move
I love chips. Hopefully Doritos... Alex smith took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years, and began working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft.
wow that sounds great.  I just saw that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.  Maybe staying in school is good!
The circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals.
oh well that is helpful for sure.  I saw something strange.  the new orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player and if they are already dining and one walks in they are required to leave
Thats sexist.... Baker mayfield (quarterback, university of oklahoma) once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming, and claims to be able to beat anyone at the university of oklahoma one-on-one in halo 3.
ha ha thats funny.  I saw that the university of Iowa's locker room for visiting football team is painted pink.
Speakking of football... Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
wow that is crazy that he is the only one.  Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game occured in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated cumberland 222-0
You gotta pull the QB at 60-0, right?
I am not certain about that.  I saw that the ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the firsts down line for american football games
The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
that would be fun to see.  I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career
The law firm...The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.
yes, I think I've heard that before.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football starts
Nice chatting with you...
Do you ever keep up on Brett Favre since his retirement? Apparently he auditioned for Monday Night Football
oh wow didn't nkow that, did you know that the NFL has no rules against female players?
I guess it's one of those rules people don't know about since no one has done it. Another rule people likely don't know is that cheerleaders for the Saints aren
ya I don't like how they aren't allowed to eat with players, that seems like an outtdated rule and also really dumb
There might be a legitimate reason for that rule though. All the rules in the NFL make the 11 minutes of live gameplay seem longer than it really is
ya they definitely stretch taht over 2 hours sometimes, did you know the avg earnings of an engineer is more than that of an nfl playier?
I guess engineers make enough per year and have a longer career. Plus, then they're not at risk for injury. Still, a 17 week season wouldn't be terrible
thats true, thats lots of down time, are you aware of teh tracking chips the nfl uses?
I heard there's chips in the footballs and shoulder pads to keep track of speed and all the stats the diehard fans care about. It's pretty cool how that works 
that is cool, hopefully they dont use those on the Saints cheerleaders, that would be creepy!
Very true! That's much more strange than the visitor's locker room for football at the University of Iowa being painted pink
ya that is weird, I wonder if that hurts or helps them, I think that would  make me play better haha
But still not as good as Rb Benjarvus Green-Ellis. In all his NFL career, he never fumbled the ball
haha true! crazy how popular bowling was in the 60s, the top bowlers made more than football players!
I wonder if television has changed that. ESPN might have had a hand in that like they did with the yellow line they created for the first down
good piont, can't believe the highest scoring football game was 222-0, thats a blowout!
I feel bad for Cumberland, but maybe that was a really good season for Georgia Tech
haha true, do you think Kellan Moore being left handed give him an advantage?
I've heard that left handed QB's throw with a reverse spin, so his teammates would have to get used to that. Maybe that's why he's the only lefty in the NFL
huh that is interesting, did you hear about how smart Alex Smith was in school?
Didn't he start college as a junior and even started on a master's degree before being drafted in the NFL? That takes a lot of dedication
oh ya, he could have done a lot even outside of the NFL
Hi, how are you? Are you a fan of sports?
Yea, I like the NFL., don't think Colt McCoy's signing with the Redskins was a good move
McCoy could have had better, you think? Where else?
I think Colt McCoy made out good, he gets to stay with coach Jay Gruden, I think the Redskins could of found someone better or paid less for him
Do the Skins have a choice? Will the talent come to the Skins? I figure they gotta compete hard for the best.
Well they did have Alex Smith and were on the way to the playoffs until he got injured and 32 year old McCoy started
Thems are the breaks. I figure that someway they can find a combo of RB and QB that will make the yardage to win.
Yea, I guess Gruden finds McCoy a great sideline presence 
Gruden has lost my friends too much money. I think that he should pay them for all their losses. Maybe he should let women play on the team.
Well there is no rule in the NFL against women player, I'm sure they could be place kickers at least
I bet on the Skins they could play other positions. Maybe even coach. They could start with placekicker. I would bet on that.
I wonder if Gruden was the coach of Tom Brady's JV footbal team that failed to start him or win a game
That JV coach probably had a personality issue with Tom. Tom wouldn't eat his wife's strawberry shortcake or something.
Probably. Did you know Alex Smith started college as a Junior and was working on a masters before being drafted?
He was a genius! How many football players could do something like that? He must have been the smartest QB of his class.
On the other side of the spectrum Baker Mayfield was considering being a competitive gamer instead of a qb
I would totally go football. The cash, the women, the fame. No video games.
Yea, plus the average NFL game only has an average of 11 minutes of gameplay
That is insane. You can't get hours like that playing video games. Anyway, great chat!
You too, I think I'm going to watch some football on ESPN and enjoy the emmy winning Yellow line they invented 
Yes, that line was a breakthrough. Like walking on the moon. Thanks!
Have a good one
I think that Jon Gruden is a sensible loss for the team,
What do you mean by sensible loss? I think John Gruden is a huge mistake for the team.
Well I think his a good player, hard to replace, thats what I meant or at least in The Raiders team his become an important piece for the coach
John Gruden is an NFL head coach. He's not a player. The 33-13 loss to the Rams was just the beginning of a miserable season. Are you familiar with the NFL?
Oh I see, I guess Im confusing him with a player of the team, what was his name I think it was Khalil Mack, and I do follow some games what about you?
Football is one of my favorite sports and I follow all 32 teams. Khalil Mack was traded to the Bears by John Gruden for some picks. They definitely felt his absence. I don't know why they didn't just resign him.
Maybe he demanded a high salary? what is your favorite NFL team?
I like the Giants best, you?. He did demand a high salary. He's the highest paid defensive player in the NFL. I guess the Raiders tied up too much money in Carr and Gruden.
I like the Patriots best and yeah thats probably the reason then, too much money but I mean he might be worth it, theres few players with his skills in the league.
Well congratulations on the Super Bowl. Did you know the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of game play? No wonder my girlfriend gets bored.
Thanks, it was a boring Superbowl but good thing the Patriots won that cheered me up, and no, I didn't know that so out of the 3 hours a game lasts only 11 minutes are of actual gameplay? Wow
Yeah who knew? It's quite an interesting game and a big business. They use tracking chips embedded in shoulder pads now to track players. They even have them inside footballs now.
Thats interesting indeed, I wonder how that has changed the game, I bet all kinds of interesting stats are available now because of that data
ESPN actually won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow line for 1st downs on TV. The power of technology.
I guess that did change the game forever, I think it's a well deserved award.
Do you follow any other kinds of football besides American football?
I like soccer as well, in fact is one of my favorite sports, I also like rugby, what about you?
I mostly just an American football guy. Interesting that Rugby is also considered a type of football
Yeah, rules are completely different but I guess there are some similarities.
Do you remember Benjarvus Green-Ellis? He was a RB on the Patriots.
Yeah he never fumbled a ball, incredible player
Are you a fan of the NFL?
I definitely am.  Watching the Super Bowl has become a family tradition.  What about you?
The same I like watching both college and NFL. Do you have a favorite team?
For college, yes, but I don't have a specific rooting interest when it comes to the NFL.  I have a feeling I end up cheering on the American Football Conference in the Super Bowl more often than not.  
True, me too. My favorite college team is the Iowa Hawkeyes, have you heard of them?
It just so happens I have.  I'm a Nebraska Cornhusker fan, which makes us rivals (even if the last several years haven't gone our way).  I bet when we are the road team it's those pink visitor locker rooms that are doing us in?
yikes lol. I think it does a lot of people in. I like Nebraska football too though, probably my second favorite big ten team. The pink is a calming effect.
Hats off to you for being able to like both teams.  I guess we were separated by conferences for a long time.  At least we never had any 222-0 type outcomes on either side.  Can you imagine what Cumberland must have felt in 1916 after Georgia Tech did that to them?
Right, I think I would have quit right after the game. Or maybe after it was 100-0 lol. 
Considering I have never heard of Cumberland, maybe that was it for them?  Or maybe they lasted until the 1960s when, amazingly enough top bowlers were making twice what football players were.
I can't believe that, but I guess it was more popular at that time. I wonder what the pay difference is now.
I have no idea. I bet TV had a lot to do with the shift though.  Think about all the innovation in television have come through sports.  I couldn't imagine a game without the first down yellow line and have to remember that isn't actually on the field.  I give ESPN trouble, but all credit to them for that creation which earned them an Emmy.
I love the yellow line, I used to think it was real when I was younger, glad to know it was digital lol
Maybe ESPN's tech department is filled with brilliant folks like Alex Smith who got is degree in two years! 
I think they are too. And the engineers do some crazy things. Have you heard about the tracking chips they use?
I know they invest a ton of money in the game, but I'd love to hear more about these chips.
They put them in footballs and shoulder pads to track velocity, speed, and how players move around the field. Probably made by the engineers who make more money during their lifetime than the players
It's a rough sport!  It's crazy to think that just 11 minutes or so of actual game play/hitting over the course of three hours can be so damaging.
Wow they take a lot of blows so that is good it is only that long! It was so nice chatting with you!
You as well!  Have a great evening!
Thanks, you as well!
do you like football?
I love it. Do you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?
Yes it is pink but I a not sure why they chose that color
I wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on them
I wonder too. Bowling was more popular than football in the 60s
Yes that is why bowlers made way more than them
Wow cool. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes that is 222-0 , do you know who played?
Yes it was Georgia Tech who beat Cumberland in 1916
Yes. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes they won it for the superimposed yellow line
Yes. Do you know Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball?
AMazing. Did you know that women can play in the NFL?
Yes there is no rule that says that they cannot play
Yes as long as they qualify they are good to go
Yeah. Did you know the average live gameplay is only 11 minutes?
Yes and yet we are glued to the tv forever
True. Engineers make more than football players over the lifetime
I guess it makes sense since they have longer careers too

True. WHat do you think of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?
It is sexist and needs to go honestly. Nice chat tonight
Are you interested in football?
I am not. I watch it because I have a son who likes it. Also, I think the Saints are sexist with how they treat their cheerleaders, and the league should do something about it.
You're right! It's something about how cheerleaders and football players can't be in the same restaurant at the same time? That's crazy! I wonder what started that!
I don't know, but it must be frustrating to have to leave in the middle of your meal.
I was surprised to learn that there is no rule against female players being able to join a team. They just have to meat all the same eligibility points as the men. I think I saw an ad during the superbowl that featured a female player. Have you seen it?
I have not seen it, I don't watch the superbowl. I know there are a lot of girls who play in high school, many are kickers. I hope a woman decides to try out one day.
Something I just learned about football is that the circular huddle was invented by a deaf player who didn't want the other team to learn his ndigns
That's interesting. Especially since it is still in use today.  It's funny that the top bowlers used to make more than the top football players.
I wonder how much that was! Do you think they used to pay football players way less, bowlers more or both?
I don't know, it was back in the 60's. Then again, engineers make more than the average player these days
I think that's how it should be really. Engineers are actually vital at times, football players not so much. Did you know that there has only been one left handed quarterback in the NFL? Seems insane given the odds, right?
That does seem weird. I guess there is a RB for the Patriots who has never fumbled.
That's interesting, although I'm always suspicious of the Patriots after all that stuff about "deflategate"
Nothing surprises me anymore. Although, with the Browns getting OBJ in trade, I'm thankful Baker Mayfield didn't quit football to become a pro gamer.
I can see the appeal, there's way less risk in gaming than in football and sometimes the money can be pretty similar, right?
Some of them make millions at one tournament. I guess he's pretty good at Halo 3, which is a hard game.
I know about as much about Halo as I do about football which isn't much! Haha Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the fake yellow line they show on football broadcasts?
Wow. That must have been a bad year for Hollywood, if they won for that. Its funny when you realize that Tom Brady's highschool coach didn't want to play him.
I wonder what the reason could be for that? Do you think the coach was bad or he didn't like Brady personally?
Maybe he was that bad? lol, I know I shouldn't say that about a super bowl champ.
Maybe he just liked the other quarterback better? haha well it was nice chatting with you, have a nice day!
Ram's become the youngest head coach.
Thats really interesting. I wonder if that effects the next years team
Which is your favourite sports ?
I like the 49ers,  How about you?  I recently found out that the NFL uses tracking chips. 
Super Bowl is my favourite. The 2019 NFL season will be the 100th of the National football league.
Wow thats great.  I prefer baseball than football though.  What do you like about football?
Yes. Football is the team sports that involves to kicking the ball in various degrees to score a goal.
Did you know there was only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
Yes. The middle century is the greatest rises for football mainly in England. Many group of matches conduct between towns and so many clubs were formed.
That is interesting.  The left handed quarterback was named Kellan Moore. 
It is very interesting. English Public School played the important role in the development of the football. The only organised the team and they teach the difference between Running and Carrying.
The huddle was created by a deaf quarterback. 
In modern American football, the quarterback is usually considered the leader of the offensive team.
Yes,  he calls the shots basically. 
Baker mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming.
lol well professional gamers dont get injured as much,  I say go for it. 
While playing injury is unavoidable. In training only we avoid it.
Yeah thats why I suggest professional gaming,  they dont get injured lol
Yes. It makes sense to protect  from injury it is very hard to lift the trophy.
Do you Alex smith?  he took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a jounior. 
Yeah. It is very nice chatting with you. Have a great day.
Thanks you as well. 
hi, do you watch football?
A bit but not regularly. I did see the beginning of the superbowl a few weeks ago, but I only have a passing knowledge of football
I see. do you know who reggie miller is?
Do you mean the basketball player on the hall of fame? Otherwise, I don't know a reggie miller in football
I meant to say alex smith, not sure why I was thinking of reggie.
I don't know much but I think he was a quarterback. Correct me if I'm wrong
yeah he is and he was so good in school he wrapped up a college degree in two years
Wow he must be brilliant or a very hard worker. I like quarterbacks since they lead the offense.
that is true. I think it is a bit of both. he took many ap tests, that's why
While I don't know much about alex, I tend to follow players like kellan moore who is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
that is amazing, amongst so many players he is the only one
I mean I know it is inherently harder if you are left handed as a QB
yeah. and baker mayfield once considered quitting to become a competitive gamer
I also think Brady johnson is impressive as well since he has even thrown a touchdown pass to himself
that I would like to see. do you know who created the circular huddle?
I don't know his name, but I think he was deaf right? What is his name?
yeah he was deaf. his name was paul hubbard
In any case, I like following players like tom brady, brady jonson, and etc
They are all great players. did you know women can also play in the nfl
While there aren't any explicit rules against them, don't the requirements pretty much disqualify them anyway?
I am not too sure, I hope not though. nice chat
Do you like american football?
I do! I LOVE football!! Hard to believe the NFL is made up of 32 teams.
It is harder to believe the average game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
That is crazy! I know the NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field.
They even put them in the football itself
Oh wow! That is something. It must be to track ball velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
I hope this data will help reduce the number of injuries to players
I do too! Did you know that the first NFL playoff game was played in 1932 on an 80 yard dirt field inside Chicago stadium, the then home to the Blackhawks.
What has happened to it now?
That I'm not sure of, but I know Chicago has changed a lot.
No doubt. Do you like any particular position?
I would say quarterback is one I know the most about. I know that only two african-american quarterbacks have won the Super Bowl.
I like tom brady. He is still a stellar athlete despite being around 40
He is. I agree. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL?
Yes. He is definitely worth respecting since it is much harder to be left handed as a QB relatively to other sports
I can't even imagine. Superbowl winning quarterback, Brad Johnson is the only quarterback in history to throw the winning touchdown to himself!
I wonder how you would even throw the touchdown to yourself?
It had to be a recovered fumble. Did you know that QB Russell Wilson is still under contract for major league baseball?
Really?
Yes! He has not played since 2011.
That is why I was surprised. I should go check it out after this chat. Thanks for chatting.
How familiar are you with football and the nfl?
I don't follow pro football that much.  I was following the Saints (home team) when it looks like they were on track for another Super Bowl, but then got robbed of a victory.
But you do know that the nfl is among the top 4 major professional sports leagues in north america
Yes, it has a big draw, especially today when a lot of people are glued to their TVs for the Super Bowl.  What do you think of the quarterback match up: Patriots Brady (age 41) versus Rams Mannion (age 26)?    
I think it is an interesting one, but personally rooting for Brady. I like the QB position the most since they are the core of the offense. Do you like any position in particular?
It is a battle of experience versus youth.  I am not set on any position, but it seems like in grade school football being QB was everyone's goal.  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback, Paul D. Hubbard, so the opposing team could not read his hand signals?
Yes, also kellan moor is the only left handed QB in the nfl. I wonder if that is a advantage or disadvantage. 
I don't know, but doubt it.  A left handed hitter is a plus in pro baseball, but I can't see it mattering in football.  I tend to follow collegiate' s more, my alma mater LSU.  Did you know University of Iowa painted the visitor's locker room pink?  You got to wonder if it is intimidation, disrespect, good humor, or a combination of those?
I tend to follow players more than teams like green ellis who has never fumbled in his entire nfl career
I did too, Louisiana boy Terry Bradshaw, QB for the Steelers.  He is one of the reasons the Steelers have the most Super Bowl wins of any NFL team.  If you followed the NFL playoffs, you might have noticed that the NFL has a female ref, Sarah Thomas.  Do you think they will every have female players?
Well the nfl doesn't have any written rule against female players
We will have to wait and see.  Some of the traditions in football are peculiar, if not humorous.  For example, Saints chearleaders cannot be in the same resturant with any NFL player, even if they were there first.
I agree. However, I think there are some interesting things going on for the NFL, not just on the team level. For instance, they are putting chips into players shoulderpads and footballs to gather data and make better plays
I would have liked to have known the G forces the Saints receiver took in that "no call pass interference" play in the playoff game with the Rams.  What do you think of the salaries.  We know what the stars make, but not the backups and the 2nd string.  I wonder how the average salary with the short career span stacks up against other jobs?
Well the average lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than that of an nfl, but you have to remember as you pointed out the hour they work respectively. 
They do earn more per hour playing, but it is a short career, often 10 years or less, while a good engineer would likely get 35-40 years of service.  You brought up the chips in shoulder pads, but other techs have also changed the game, or at least how it is viewed.  Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the TV yellow line showing the first down position?
Well the yellow line definitely helped many viewers better digest the situation and action on the field
I agree.  With the yellow line, you can really visualize how far they need to move the ball.   It also lets the armchair QBs speculate on what plays the real QBs will call.  Most of these guys are really smart.  Did you know QB Alex Smith entered college as a Junior and was working on a Masters when he entered the NFL draft?
I agree that most of these guys are brilliant. I mean the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay, but so much goes on in those few minutes that the espn won an emmy for helping to break it down and these players have to make the smart decision in fractions of seconds
I agree, but they also have coach to QB communications in the QB's helmet these days.  What I really don't like is when the QB is a prima donna.    They need great backs and receivers.  Like Benjarvus Green-Ellis who never fumbled in his NFL career.
I agree. In any case, I enjoy our chat about football. Thank you
Same to you.  I guess I will go man the grill for our half time feast.
I hope you enjoy your feast. Anything on the grill is always delicious.
did you know that theoretically females can play for the nfl?
I heard about that. I wonder if a woman will ever play in the NFL. I heard there is a really good kicker who is in university right now.
see that would actually seem to be the most likely position, do they have a whole female football team at that school? I haven't heard of this?
Her name is Becca Longo. I believe she plays on the men's team.
ah interesting, did you know the huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback a while ago? he used it to block the other team from seeing his hand signals
Cool. Speaking of inventions in the NFL, ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line.
That is crazy. It's something we take for granted, Kellan Moore is the sole left-handed quarterback in the whole league, I wonder if that is an advantage or not.
Huh, interesting. I'm not really that into football, perhaps that's because there are only about 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
ya I'm the same way, I don't care at all for football, but I will watch the superbowl because my friend is having a party, what about you?
Yes, my friend is having a party too. I'm looking forward to it. I guess the Super Bowl is held the first Sunday in February each year.
Yes that is true, also wild how the NFL has chips that are put in players clothes to record their stats, I guess that is good. It allows for lots of analytics, almost like a videogame
Yeah, it's crazy how seriously our culture takes football. I guess that has evolved lately because in the 1960s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
ya that is wild, definitely the opposite today as far as pay goes, I think its crazy that an engineer will make, on average, more than an nfl player in their lifetime
Yeah, NFL players really have to be careful about where they spend, and I don't think most of them are.
No you're right, and apparently they have to be careful where they eat, for instance with the saints, cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurant as any NFL player, and if an nfl player happens to come in then the cheerleader is required to leave.
Hmm, that is an odd rule. It also strikes me as odd that the University of Iowa painted their visiting locker room pink. That must have been before pink became trendy for men.
haha yes that is very odd, I wonder if that increased or decreased their win percentage, I could see teams getting mad and actually performing better
Haha, that is an interesting thought. Some other numbers that I am curious about are the score from the football games in 1916 between Georgia tech and Cumberland. Georgia Tech won, 222 to zero. How on earth did that happen? If only we had footage!
yes I would watch that game! although back in the day, I think I would have left after the score hit 100-0, there's no coming back from that haha
Another thing I find amazing is that Ben Jarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
that is crazy, think of his anxiety every time he gets the ball, will this be the day my record is ruined? haha, 
hey did you know that the NFL has no rule against having female players?
I was not aware of that. I'm surprised because they do have some sexist policies. Do you know about their rules regarding Saints cheerleaders?
I haven't heard about that, what are the rules?
They are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant with players. If a player enters and they are already sitting and eating they have to get up and leave. 
oh weird why do you think that is? it seems very silly to me
I don't know but I find it upsetting. It seems completely unreasonable. Did you know that the average gameplay time in a game is 11 minutes?!
I didn't know that, are you going to watch the Superbowl tomorrow? It's always several hours long yet like you said theres only 11 mins of gameplay, that's silly!
I am but I'm just using it as an excuse to eat bad food ha ha. Were you aware that players and footballs have tracking chips in them to record their every move?
no I didn't know that, I hope they don't adopt that into regular people to watch our every move, that would suck!
Me either. I wonder why they don't use that for plays instead of just reviews?
ya that'ss true, also crazy is that the earnings of an engineer over his lifetime is more than the average NFL player, Crazy!
That is shocking to me. I'm sure they leave with way less medical issues also. I was shocked when I learned that in the 60's bowlers made more than football players!
that is crazy! I can't believe the highest scoring football game was 222-0, like wouldn't you stop once you got to 100-0 haha
I do not understand how that is even possible. Are you familiar with RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
no I'm not, what is he famous for? I don't watch sports personally
He never fumbled the football once in his whole career which is astonishing. 
that is crazy I'd give that guy the ball all the time! I guess Alex Smith plays quarterback and had a lot of good grades on his AP test, it's kind of like he's wasting his brain talent on football haha
Well he was badly injured and I doubt he comes back so I'm sure his intelligence will get him somewhere else. I believe he was already working on his Master's when drafted. 
ah interesting I didn't know that, also I didn't know that ESPN won an emmy for developing the yellow line that we see in every football game on the first down line
I can't believe that was so recent. I can't imagine watching a game without that line. 
no, that was definitely a huge improvement I'm glad they won the emmy!
Do you watch football?
I sure do. Did you know that women can play on the NFL?
I heard that, I wonder if there is any chance it will happen soon, what do you think
I have no idea but it is good that if they qualify they have that option to play
I think there may be a kicker in college that has the chance in a couple years. We will have to wait and see. Do you have a favorite team?
I do not but I enjoy watching the games even though there are only 11 minutes of gameplay altogether
That is so small of an amount. You figure it would be more, the games last like 3 hours lol
I know we are glued tot he TV for what feels like forever
for sure lol. I am an Iowa Hawkeye fan, do  you know them?
I cannot say that I do for sure. Did you know that engineers make more over their lifetime than football players?
They paint their locker rooms pink for the opposing team. Pink has a natural calming look. Those engineers probably developed chips that players use in their shoulder pads.
Yeah they seem to be collecting lots of info with those chips like velocity and rotation and such
I agree, I bet they get so much good data from it. Did you know in 1960 top bowlers made more money than nfl players
Wow that is mind blowing. I wonder if they they can use that data in any way to make the game safer too
I bet they do. I wish they had chips in the helmets to track blows to the head and what they do. Maybe that will be next
I hope so. DO you know that ESPN won an EMmy once and if so, what for?
I never heard about that, what was it for?
It was for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool
Wow, that is awesome and it is so helpful. I always thought it was real growing up lol. It was so nice chatting with you!
Same here and hope you have a great one.
you too, enjoy the rest of your night!
hi, do you watch nfl?
Hi, how are you? Sometimes.
did you know women can play too?
 I think that there could be women at certain positions, like kicker. Women would probably draw a lot of interest, increase the TV audience. 
yeah and make it more interesting as a sport. did you know an average game only has 11 minutes of playtime
On a per-minute basis, they make a great wage. Did you know that there is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL? Kellan Moore. I'm surprised. I thought there would have been more, considering the number of lefty pitchers in the MLB.
Yeah exactly. do you know about that weird rule for the new orleans cheerleaders?
They can't be in the same restaurant as the players. Not cool. 
Not cool at all. worse, they have to leave if the player walks in mid meal
Probably not the same for high school football, though. Funny story: The Junipero Serra high school had a season in which they didn't win a game or even score a touchdown. Nevertheless, they never started their backup QB, Tom Brady. And, as a sarcastic comment, we all know what a loser he was.
My godness their loss. did you know now they put tracking chips on their padding?
That makes sense. Helps with strategy. The highest score ever in a football game was in 1916: Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0. What was the spread on that game, I wonder. 
That is a huge difference. Did you know espn won an emmy?
I heard. For that yellow line. Hm. Probably a weak year for awards. 
Yeah I think so too. Did you know there is a player than never fumbled the football in his career?
Hard to believe, but I guess it had to happen eventually. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. Still, I wonder how much bowlers made overall. Was it that much money? 
I do not think so, I just think football players were not paid too much then
The college game seems to be a bit silly in some ways. The University of Iowa tries to use cheesy psychology on the other team. They pained the visitor's locker room completely pink. I wonder whether that works at all. Why wouldn't other teams do it as well?
That is curious. do you know benjarvus green-ellis?
No, never met the guy. 
He is the only football player to have never fumbled in his career
Well, it's been fun talking with you! Have a great evening! Enjoy the football!
Hi, how are you today?
Good morning!  Doing well!  Are you much of a NLF fan?
Friend, I tell you I feel like I have had football on the brain for the past couple of weeks!  Yes, I love football.  How about you?
Yes, I enjoy watching a good with friends and beers!  Who's your team?
Don't hate me, but my favorite team is the New England Patriots!
No hate at all - it's pretty impressive what they've done and look to continue to dominate.  By proxy, I follow the Cardinals, but don't really consider them my team - I just like good games, teams, players
That's cool.  I find most people feel towards the Patriots like they feel towards Trump.  It's usually strong feelings of hate or love, not much in between.  But, Tom Brady is the GOAT!
TB & Bilichek are definitely GOATs!  Interesting comparison to Trump - it's hard not to have an opinion!  
How true.  Speaking of Tom, did you know his high school JV football coach never attempted to play him, even though the team never won a game or even scored a touchdown?
That reminds me of the story where Michael Jordan had a hard time making his HS Varsity team - some coaches cannot see greatness if it's staring them in the face!
That's a fact.  I bet they feel foolish, now?  
It's amazing how far the NFL and professional sports in general have come in terms of popularity and revenue.  I've heard that pro bowlers used to make more money than football players!
That's funny, but I hear the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are more than the lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.  
I think the average career in the NFL is 3 season, for the average player with a league minimum salary, so a life time career as an engineer should make more money!
Somebody's done their homework and it shows! Anyway, do you realize the NFL only has one left handed  quarterback?
Interesting - who is the lefty QB.  Is that a system thing, are lefties discouraged from QB at an early age.  I don't see what the big deal is - baseball pitchers can be both.  Does it really matter that much in football?
Kellan Moore and to tell you the truth, I don't why there are not more of them?  I would think it's an advantage.
Right!  Anything to give a different look, roll the other way.  Once the ball is in the air, whats the difference.  I need answers from the NFL!
Me too!
Congrats on another Lombardi Trophy!  It was a strange playoff season, but great win for the Pats - great chatting with you today, really appreciate it!
Thanks, friend.  It was nice chatting with you as well.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello do you like football?
I do. Do you?
I like it,  I dont watch it too much though. 
I watch all the time. My wife is not happy about my sports adiction though. My favorite team is the bears. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the 49ers.  did you know the NFL puts tracking chips on the players and football?
I put chips in my belly. Does that count?
lol absolutely!  I had no idea alex smith was so smart,  He took so many ap tests, he entered a university as a jounior.
Chicago hosted the first playoff game in 1932 on an 80 yard dirt field.
Thats cool.  That was a long time ago lol 
Yeah. Did you know there's a $60M stadium in Texas? FOR HIGH SCHOOL?
Thats insane.  Football generates a lot of money in texas though lol not much to do. 
I could not imagine being so rich I donated to the construction of a $60M HS football stadium. Im just trying to keep my lights on.
lol the struggle is real.  I cant believe that the average nfl game has only 11 min of game play. 
I feel like there are too many commercials and replays and measurements.
Yeah,  too much fluff.  and whats with all the time outs and fouls and huddles.  Football can take so much time. 
Maybe that's why i usually drink too much watching the games.
lol i think thats why we all drink too much, we are waiting to watch the game lol 
At least I am not the only one! Although I am usually the only one watching football and drinking.
Did you know the average lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than football players and mlb players?  That is probably not including like sponsorship and extras though right?
Agreed. But I also think the lower end of the spectrum's avg career is like 2 years.
Thats cool.  Its been great chatting with you. 
do you like football?
I love it. Do you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?
Yes it is actually all pink but I do not know why
Me either. Did you know bowlers made more than footballers in the 60s?
I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day
True. Do you know what is the highest score in college football?
Yes it was 222-0, do you know who played?
Yes it was Georgia Tech that beat Cumberland in 1916
Yeah. Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy once?

Yes they won it for the superimposed yellow line
Yeah it has made game watching so much easier at home
Very true. Did you know that women can play in the NFL too?
Yes there is no rule that says they cannot if they qualify
Yeah. The gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways

I know and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
I know right? Do you know of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?
Yes they cannot eat in the same place as the players
Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in 

yeah too bad it is still around. Do you like Brady?
I sure do. He was a back up QB when he was in high school
Yes and he was never started despite the fact that they were not doing well as a team
Their loss really I guess. Nice chat today
Hello!  Are you much of a football fan?  I don't watch it much TBH, but I do find a lot of facets of it to be pretty interesting..
Good afternoon!  Football is not my favorite sport, but I do enjoy a good game. 
Get this, Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted PINK.  Trying to psyche out the other team, I bet.  LOL
That psychology might be a bit antiquated because I think a lot of guys don't feel the same about pink as they used to in the good old days
That could be true.  I'm told that they did an experiment where they put weight lighters in a pink colored gym and found they couldn't lift as much.  BUT, I heard about that in high school (some twenty plus years ago) so things may be different since then.
Interesting - I have heard about the subconscious affect that color has on mood (never paint a kitchen red) but I wasn't sure if that was just an urban myth?
I don't know, I think it varies and could be different from person to person.  Some people, for example find blue to be smoothing and calming, while others think it makes things feel cold. 
Very true - and circling back to the pink locker room, I'm sure the initial intent was to emasculate the opponent and beat them before they take the field
You know, neatly enough, there's NO rules in the NFL against women being players.  So long as they meet the physical requirements, that is.  
I've heard that, that they didn't think they needed the rule because in the old days the game was much different as were the social norms.  I know some females have played in college football recently
Hey, I say if they can do the physical stuff let them go at it if they want.  Although, admittedly if I had a daughter playing football I'd worry about her being tackled.... some of those guys are HUGE.
Totally agree - if they have the ability and the desire to play in the NFL, awesome.  But I sure as heck wouldn't want my daughters anywhere near that field!
Even if they were cheerleaders I'd be concerned.  Believe it or not, cheerleaders have more injuries than any other sport.  
College cheerleaders for sure have a ton of injuries as they do way more of the flipping and gymnastics.  I've seen NFL Cheerleaders up close and they basically just stand there for 80% of the game....
Some teams have some pretty strict rules about cheerleaders, especially in terms of their interaction with the players.
I bet back in the day the distraction proved to be big enough of a problem that those non-fraternization rules were implemented.  Today, it's so much of a business that I doubt it would be much of an issue
Well, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as one of the players.  If a player enters and they're already eating, they have to leave.  How nutty is that?
I bet if the Cheerleaders had a union like the players do, they could get that rule thrown out!
Maybe I dunno... Here's another weird tidbit... for as long as NFL games are, there's only about eleven minutes of live gameplay.  Can you believe it?
I did know that, because the NFL Network replays games during the week and they are able to trim them down to about a 30 min segment (with commercials) - it is amazing how little action there is in an "action packed" game!
Guess all the set ups, coaches talking, huddles, etc, etc, take up way more time than you'd think!
And the incessant TV timeouts!!!   After a bad game, I feel like I just wasted 3 hours of my life - and it was only really 11 min!?!?!
Yeah, it's crazy.  Did you know they have high tech chips put in the players shoulder pads?  Keeps track of where they are and whatnot.
I wish they would put those chips in the ball - so they could tell when it crosses the endzone or out of bounds!
Weell.. supposedly they have one in the ball that tracks it's speed, rotation and location.  I don't know why they don't use that instead of relying on the referees.  (Guess it's just tradition or something...)
You're probably right - tradition over technology!  Hey, in case this ends abruptly - it's been great chatting with you!
Are you an NFL fan?  If you don't know, there is a 17 week regular season.
Hey! Well, I follow games, but I wouldn't say I'm really fan. How about you?
Did you know a female can play in the NFL because there is no official rule against it.
No, it's absolutely surprise for me
Also, in a whole NFL game, there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
Friend of mine told me that. Yes, it's fact
That is crazy. The New Orleans saints have a rule were there cheerleaders can't eat at the same restaurant as the players.
It looks like old tradition, which doesn't make any sense.
And if the cheerleaders are already there when the players come in, the cheerleaders have to leave.
Don't you think this rule is terrible? What if they were eating?
That sounds sexist to me. Some more football facts you may not know is that The University of Iowa has a completely Pink visitors locker room.
It's very funny. They want to shock enemies. Anyway it's funny 
Something I could not believe was that the top bowlers made twice as much as top football players in 1960.
Me too actually. Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0 in 1916?
No, that is a lot of points.  I did know that RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis, who played for the Patriots never had a fumble.
Me too. It's even difficult to guess. Also I'm surprised that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than average lifetime earnings of an NFL player. I was sure they make a lot.
I just can't believe that.  Did you know Tom Brady was a backup Quarterback in high school.
I guess my dad knows it. He knows about Tom Brady quite a lot.
He was either bad or the coach was an idiot.  But even though his team was having a historically bad season, he never got a chance to start.
I agreed. He didn't show his best. Anyway it is sport. You never know...
I also know that there is only one left handed Quarterback in the NFL.  It is Kellan Moore.
Yes, I know. I don't know a lot of such facts, but somehow I've heard about it. 
Well, have a great day.
Thanks, my friend! Have a good one!
Happy New Year.
I didn't find this article very interesting. How about you?
Yeah I'm not very interested in football so it took me a while to get through. I did think it was a little crazy that the NFL uses tracking chips on their players and equipment though
yeah some of the facts caught me of guard too. Like that fact that there is no written rule against female players.
Right? I would love to see a female in the NFL. I also couldn't believe that the American flags they use weight 1100- like I know they're big but its hard to imagine a flag weighing that much haha
I do not understand the rule about new orleans saint players and cheerleaders.
I don't remember reading about that just now in my article, but it sounds familiar. It has something to do with them not being able to hang out right? Like they can't go to the same parties or other places at the same time, yeah?
yeah even if a cheerleader is eating at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in to dine at the restaurant, any nfl player, they are required to leave. wow
Is it always the cheerleaders that have to leave? Like if she's already there and a player walks in, she has to be the one to go? Thats really strange
yeah that's what it says. No fraternization at all.
That's...really weird. Speaking of weird, I guess there is a high school stadium in Texas that cost $60 million to build and seats 18,000 people- who knew people cared that much about high school football?!
oh sure, in some parts of Texas there is nothing else to do for a hundred miles at least. For some small towns, high school football is all the excitement they get.
Yeah that makes sense. I guess if I had nothing else, I might have to turn to football for entertainment haha. Did you read about Matt Patricia? Apparently he was a rocket scientists before his NFL coaching job. 
I think we have different facts. But that is interesting. One of mine is that the university of Iowa's visitor locker room for football is painted completely pink. Hilarious!   
Hah that is actually pretty funny! I wonder if its effective in throwing off the opposing team a bit. I read that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL- not the most interesting fact, but kind of surprising. I didn't think being left-handed was that uncommon. I wonder how many left handed ones they've had overall?
That is interesting. I thought there would have been more as well. Just like in baseball.
Is being left-handed unusual in baseball too?  Or are you saying its not uncommon? Speaking of baseball, I guess Russell Wilson is still under an MLB contract? I didn't know that was possible!
Lol all these crazy fun facts. I was saying it is way more common in baseball, to see both left and right handed pitchers.
Right- that's what I thought! I feel like these are good for potential trivia questions haha Like I read that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school team. I wonder what that sounds like haha
yeah and that the highest football score ever was in 1916 222- 0 
222? Thats insane. I wonder how long that game lasted? 
right?
Much of a football fan?  Interested in Redskins or Buccaneers?
Only if they have a female player on their teams.
We may be out of luck on that one.  I lived in DC for a number of year, so some would thin I have an interest in DC winning.
I'm a New Orleans native, and won't support the Saints, until they get rid of that archaic rule regarding cheerleaders being in the same restaurants as the players.
Agreed, I really don't like the whole cheerleader thing.  I have a young daughter and would hate for her to want to be a cheerleader.
Mine doesn't cheer, as I don't like the culture. My son's girlfriend plays football for their school, she's their kicker. I'm surprised no NFL team has a woman kicker. 
Well there is no rule against it.  I'm sure there would be a lot of fuss in the media for a few weeks, and then once she played it would be forgotten.  I know in UK soccer they have women referees, once they started doing it everyone got over it.
Do they also have tracking chips in their balls over there/
Probably, I know most big sports leagues track just about everything the players do, always looking for that edge.
Thats insane. I think it's invasive, and wouldn't want a tracker in my shoulder pads, if I were a player.
I think the compensation football players get now would allow me to get over it.  Although I think we assume most players are set for life after a career, it might not be true.
Maybe. I still can't believe ESPN won an Emmy for that superimposed yellow line. Must have been a bad year, if they won for that.
I suppose if you are really into the game it matters to you, remembering a number in your head can be difficult.  I remember my son wondering how the line moved on the pitch when he was really young.
It's interesting that Baker Mayfield thought about becoming a pro gamer. I wonder how that would have worked out for him.
I've been hearing more and more about pro gaming, apparently there is money in in now.  Colleges have started offering scholarships for e-sport league players.  Not sure how I feel about that, I guess it's safer than football.
He is a Halo 3 guru, I guess. If they are at that level, then they probably make more than what a scholarship is worth. I know some of the pros make millions.
I wonder how long a pro gamer career lasts?  If it's not longer than a football players they will run into the same issue where a regular career pays more than a short sports career.
I suppose as long as their reflexes hold out. It's funny, pro bowlers used to make more than pro football players. 
I think a pro bowling career might last a little longer, doesn't seem much chance of injury. ESPN needs to come up with an innovation for bowling, its very repetitive.
The same could be said for footall.
Guess you have a point, I still don't understand how you can turn 11 minutes of play into three hours of TV.  It's been good chatting to you.
I don't understand that either, any more than I understand why there is only one left handed quarterback. It's been fun, have a good one.
Have a good day, goodbye.
Hello! How are you today?
Hello! I hope you like football! Because I am ready to talk about football!  Do you ilke football?
I am so ready to talk about football lol. I love it it! Do you like NFL or college more?
I love any type of football! association football (known as soccer in some countries), Australian rules, rugby football! But the good ol' National Football League (NFL) might be my favorite! 
I can't believe there are so many different sports called football though. Who is your favorite NFL team?
With 32 teams, it's hard to pick! Who do you like?
I'm a Vikings fan but I like watching the Broncos since I live in Colorado Springs. Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay?
Wow, just 11 minutes? Is that it? I know the NFL uses tracking chips embedded in shoulders to track players moves. That's a lot of work for just 11 minutes of live play!
It makes the data analysts job very easy I'm sure haha. ESPN even won an emmy for that yellow first down line!
They sure are an innovative league! Did you know there is even a rocket scientist coaching in the NFL?!
Isn't that Matt Patricia?
It is! He was an aeronautical engineer before coaching in the NFL! His school, RPI, even had the words "sin", "cosine", and "tangent" in their fight song!
Oh wow! I'm not smart enough to even go to those football games! It would be interesting to see that 222-0 football game in 1916 though!
Yeah! I do like the entertainment thought. You know, we talked about fight songs a minute ago; did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football game!?
I bet that jumped to the billboard charts after being written huh? lol that is funny!
I thought so too! You know, even high school football is really popular. There is a high school football stadium in Allen, Texas with 18,000 seats!
Didn't it cost 60 million dollars? That is insane, I bet the teachers are still underpaid there too!
Yup! That's the one! So much money is spent on football! Did you know that those humongous American flags at football stadiums cost $50,000 to make!? 
It is cool to see but that is a lot of money! I hope it goes to a good cause! Anyways, great chat have an awesome day!
Indeed! And those flags weigh 1,100 pounds! Go big or go home, as they say! Good bye!
That's right! Take care!
Do you like to talk about football?
Hi, yes, sports in general !! and of course about football!
Nice!  The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink! lol
hahaha that is pretty funny and not intimidating at all!
I know.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars!
Wow that shocked me... nothing like that today did you know three football coaches are the highest paid employees of the us defense department!
That's incredible!  The highest score ever in a football game is when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
wow what a score!! did you know there is a fight song from a school written by snoop dog!
I didn't.  That's neat!  ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv.
I think that is cool! Technology has allowed for a way more exciting game, like the tracking chips!
I agree!  Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career.
wow, I wouldn't want a change like that.. did you know there are many other types of football like soccer, rugby  gaelic football!!
Yes I've seen them.  I had a friend that was in Rugby club years and years ago.
Cool I love soccer, follow the FC barcelona... but do not know anything about Australian football!
That's funny.  That same friend was from England and was big on Manchester United.  The average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Seems crazy to pay all that money for a ticket when looked at from that perspective.
Seems like it but the reality is that the whole show if worth it and with the tracking chip you get info like the ball speed, the velocity and that adds to the average 11 minute hahaha
lol   The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player and an average MLB player.
Oh wow. But i think is way more fun to play football... but I think the engineer has to work many more years.. Have you seen the super super big flags at the football stadiums
I have seen them!  Those flags are huge!
They weight more that 1000 pounds and cost about $50,000 wow!
Holy smokes!  I had no idea they weighed and cost that much.  Thanks for chatting!
Hi. Do you watch football at all these days?
Yes I still watch the NFL of another season is over. It was an exciting 17 weeks. You?
I do watch the NFL and I do agree with you it was an exciting season and especially when my New England Patriots won the Super bowl!!!
Oh congratulations. Another one under your guys belt. Speaking of the playoffs the first NFL playoff game was played in 1932!
I didn't know this. Do you recall by any chance what were the teams playing that game at that year?
I believe it was in Chicago Stadium on an 80 yard long dirt field!
Oh Wow!!! I didn't know this. Do you know what was the highest score ever in a football game?
Yes and the field was home to the chicago blackhawks at the time. No, what was the highest score ever? 
I think you answered the wrong question. What was the highest score ever recorded in a football game, do you know?
Sorry I was just telling you more about the field whether first playoff games held. I don't know the highest score ever. What was it?
That's okay. It was a game between Georgia Tech crushing Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.
Holy cow how does that even happen? I bet Matt Patricia would never let that happen. He is the only rocket scientist coaching in the NFL.
Yes I heard that Matt Patricia is a rocket scientist a while back in my local news and when he was our defensive coordinator under Bill Belichick.
Oh wow. He graduated from a school whose fight song includes Sin, Cosine, and Tangent lol.
I didn't know this. That is very interesting. Matt Patricia is a really smart guy and I think he will be great as a Lions head coach.
Yes I agree with you. Do you like watching high school football? It is huge in Texas, they have a stadium that cost $60 million to build.
I don't really watch high school football these day but that is a lot of money to build a high school stadium.
Yes it is. It seats 18,000 people.
Nice. Did you know that Alex Smith received his Bachelor's Degree in just a couple of years?
That is amazing he sounds so smart. Speaking of quarterbacks, Russel Wilson is still under a major-league baseball contract. It was nice speaking with you today.
I didn't know this about Russel Wilson. It was fantastic chatting with you today as well. I hope you have a great day!!!
You too! Have a good one!
I don't know much about football, but apparently Adrian Peterson is a new star on the Redskins team.
He seems to have done well, Alex Smith struggled in that game.  He is typically on point, to what I know,
It's pretty amazing how he got a shot, seeing as he wasn't in the training camp.  It sounds like he has a lot of stamina.
He is ready and willing to do what ever Gruden will give him.  Definitely a hard worker.
I think NFL players make a lot of money these days, so I bet he's glad to be on a team again. However, I didn't know that bowlers in 1960 made more than football stars.
That is kinda crazy, I wonder how much that pay was, and what the gap is today.
It's probably not as much as it was in 1960 - twice as much, wow.  That makes me want to take up bowling!  I think the game Peterson played wasn't a very clear win, only a few scores.  There was one game in 1916 where the final score was 222-0.  I didn't know the game could go that high!
Neither did I .  That is a pretty large gap.  In most games there is only 11 minutes of live game play anyway, that game must have had a lot more.
Yeah.  I didn't realize it was only around 11 minutes of actual play.  Thinking about it, though, I guess they time all the huddles and positioning.  I didn't know the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback.  I thought that began with the game so they could all hear each other.
It is amazing that what they come up with, the huddle has become iconic.
Yes it has become iconic.  This Peterson is called a running back.  Is that the guy who tries to throw it to the quarterback or tries to catch the ball?
He is the guy that the quarterback hands the ball off to.
Oh ok.  I knew the quarterback was an important guy for offense, but Peterson's position sounded important too.  I think football players have a lot of pressure to do well.  Apparently the NFL uses chips to track lots of stats about them.  I wonder if that affects their pay.
Im not sure, but I know they do use the data from the chips to make play safer for them and make their pads better.
That's a good thing.  I think they can easily get injured without pads.  I think padding is more like the American kind of football.  I've seen some clips of rugby played without pads.  That looks pretty rough.
Yeah, Gaelic football is the same way, Im not sure how it works but it isnt for the weak.
I personally like the European type of football, also called soccer.  I like the strategy and skill.  I've been to an international soccer game before, it was really awesome to watch.
Me too.  I always played growing up.  I loved watching the world cup this past summer.
I haven't watched sports lately.  It's funny how things change, like how Tom Brady became a super bowl champ, but in high school they didn't even give him a chance.
I know, I bet they feel a little stupid now seeing what he has become.
Yes I think so.  I wonder if Peterson wants to win such an award before he has to retire.  Hopefully the Redskins will do better than the game against the Broncos, so he has a chance to prove himself. 
I know he has become a more dominant force as he gains experience.  Anyway, nice chat!  Have a good night.
I was just reading about the NFL. Are you a football fan?
I love football, Go Detroit Lions!! What about you?
I am a Vikings fan, big time. I was reading about Nick Foles' up and down career. The Eagles sure killed my Vikes in the playoffs last year!
It will be interesting to see how Foles does from here on out, must be irritating for Eagles fans never knowing!
Yes. I was surprised that the Patriots lost the Super Bowl last year. Did you know that when TB was a QB in high school as a backup, they never played him on the JV team when they were having a really bad season. Funny!
That is funny, I don't care for patriots but can't help but like Brady, a Michigan man go blue!!
Exactly. You cannot fault his tremendous commitment to the game. I think a Bears/Patriots superbowl would be fun again. 
I've read that Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's football team in high  school, that could be interesting!
Yes. That is probably a pretty vivid and inspiring song!
I was also interested to read about the Lions' coach is a rocket scientist! Have you seen him during a game? So rough looking
Matt Patricia? He is super smart! So is Alex Smith, one of my favorite QB's. He got a bachelor's degree in 2 years and a master's soon after.
That is good to hear, some of those NFL players don't seem too intelligent, and can be so cocky and 
I agree. Here's a piece of football trivia. The huddle was created because of a deaf QB, so that the other team could not read his hand signals. Interesting...
Oh how cool is that! Also interesting is that they embed chips in the should pads to track the players every move
I had heard that somewhere. Plus all of the wonderful new technology in the helmets to help with the concussion problem.
Yes that is a scary thing!
Seems to be getting worse, despite the tech advances. Players must be stronger, bigger and faster?
Definitely, so many people can be so competitive it gets scary.
Yes. Hey do you know the highest score ever in a football game?  You'll never guess!
I have no idea, but would guess maybe 77?
Good try!  In 1916, it was 222-0. Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland.  Wow!
Holy cow that is a huge score, and Cumberland didn't even make it on the board!
Awful!  It was great chatting with you. Thanks. Go Lions and Vikes!
Are you a football fan?  Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Steelers. How bout you.
I'm a Steelers fan too!  I live right on the Ohio/PA line.  Did you know that there is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL - Kellan Moore.
I did know that. You would think there would be more.
I know.  What do you think of the NFL using tracking chips in the players shoulders and in the footballs?
I think its an amazing technology. The things they can do these days.
I know.  I just wonder though what exactly those chips do.  Like ...could they read where other chips are on the field?  ..and if so...could a chip in the shoulder pads of a wide receiver be programmed to the chip that's in the football making the football come to the receiver's chip location?
That's interesting to think about. I bet belichek has already checked into that.
hahaha  An average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Crazy when they make it stretch out to over 3 hours.
I know right. They get all that money for 11 minutes worth of entertainment.
it pays to be an engineer as their lifetime earnings are higher than that of the lifetime earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.
Yeah but I think it would be a lot more fun to play football for a living.
I'm with you there!  lol  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
I think the players union has rectified that situation.
Yes! lol  I wonder why the University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink?  Probably to mess with the team. lol
To mess with the visiting team. Do you think it worked.
I don't think so. lol  How about the highest scoring game ever when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland in 1916 by a score of 222-0!
They were just rubbing it in that last 200 points huh.
lol Poor Cumberland.  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB so the other team couldn't steal his hand signals?
Yeah and the huddle has become so engrained into football. Its hard to think of the game without it.
I know right?  It was fun chatting with you!
Hi.  Do you like the NFL and the Ravens?
I like the nfl. Not so much the ravens.
Same here.  I guess Lamar Jackson is back (or has been back)... SO many injuries in the NFL.  
Im a steelers fan and we play them twice a year. I promise you Im not worried about lamar Jackson.
Ha.  I see... I'm a Chiefs fan and I'm not losing any sleep. I think the Ravens would do better if they could the players out of jail.  I didn't know the Saints had an 8-1 record.
Jackson can run but he cant throw at all. You all got a pretty good QB up there in KC tho
Yeah, Mahomes is a great surprise.  If he stays healthy, he'll give Brady a run for his money, career stats-wise.
Brady will be out in the next few years. I would say staying healthy and not falling off like a lot of guys do after one good year is his main concerns. 
Yes, I agree... Maybe he'll be like Luck and avoid those sacks.  Hope so, I'd hate to see him go and he's so young. 
To be honest the chiefs scare me more than the patriots do at this point.
Yeah, I was surprise to see that Rams come out on top.  I think the Pats are going downhill.  
I sure hope so. Im sick of them. Lol. Did you know that there is a rocket scientist coaching in the nfl.
I did not.  Is he doing well?  I can't believe that or that there is only 11 average minutes of gameplay in an NFL game.
His name is mat patrecia. Im not sure who he coaches.
I'm not sure those are transferable talents... Nor do I think painting a visitors locker room pink is going to do anything at the U. of Iowa. 
Yeah I dont see that doing much. It would make a good team laugh and who cares what it does to a bad team. Lol.
I played in HS and on away games we used the girls locker rooms.  It had no effect although I did break a Barry Manilow album after a loss.  I regret that... We did have a circular huddle thank to a deaf QB of yesteryear. 
That huddle has grown into a major part of the game. 
Yeah... I don't remember Alex Smith being so smart or being a 1st round draft pick...
I think he was drafted by the patriots wasnt he. I didnt think he was a first rounder either. 
This article I read says he was a first rounder in 2005 - doesn't say to whom.  Thanks for the chat and good luck to the Steelers. 
Have a good one.
Hello are you familiar with football?
Yes, I do. I'm mad that New Orlean Saitns cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player.  They have to leave if a player comes in to the same restaurant.   It's discrimination.
I agree such old fashion rules are a shame. At least the nfl has no written rule against female players
That's good.  When do you think we will see female players?
That I am not sure. Even though an average game only has 11 minutes of real gameplay, football is still among the most dangerous sports so the requirements are quite up there as well
I think you are right.  Apparently, NFL uses tracking chips to keep track players' every move on the field.
It must be for more data. It is hard to catch all the action in those few minutes. That why ESPN won an emmy for the yellow first down line because it helps digest the information much easily
I'm sure coaches use the data from these chips to make various strategy in addition to watching video replays.
I wonder if the nfl provides the data to individual coaches
I don't know.  Thank you for telling me that  ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line.  It's an interesting fact.
Do you follow teams, positions, or players?
I used to like 49ers since I lived in SF for 30 years but now I follow the Patriots.
I used to follow green ellis on the patriots since he still has never fumbled in his entire career
It was amazing that Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career, how about Brady?
Well he is better known as an amazing quarterback, having won 4 super bowls. He probably isn't in a position to fumble balls, but he sure can throw
Do you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL?
Yes. It is definitely impressive since being left handed is more a disadvantage than advantage in football unlike in other sports
Do you think Brady is the best QB in the entire history of NFL?
Given his performance, despite not being given the chance in highschool, I think he probably is the best QB in history
You are probably right.  No one has won many Superbowl championship like he did.  5 times?
Something like that. Anyway, I enjoyed our pleasant chat.
Do you watch football? 
Yes.  I watch it all season long and even have been watching the Alliance league.
I watch it too. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only lefty? 
I didn't know that.  Come to think of it I can't recall any lefties.  Former Patriots running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball once during his career.  Impressive.
Interesting, was he the best running back then? 
I would say that would go to Jim Brown.  Espn won an emmy award of creating the superimposed first down line.  Nice.
That is probably worth it. That line is super cool. 
I agree.  In the 1960s top bowlers made two times as much as the top football stars of that era.
WOW! That is pretty cool, gives me hope then!
LOL  Do you know what the highest score ever was for a football game at the college level?
No, what was it? 
222-0!  Georgia tech beat Cumberland in 1916.
WOW! That is a lot. Did you know that university of Iowa paints their guest locker room pink? 
lol That's funny!  They must do that to get in the heads of who they are playing.
I think so, but honestly you have to wonder if it just makes the other team angry. 
I don't think they probably really care. Do you know who Alex Smith is?
Not really, is he a football player? 
Yes.  He's a QB.  He was the first pick in the 2005 draft by the 49er's.  What's impressive about him is that he graduated with a bachelor's degree in 2 years!
Interesting. Is he left handed too? 
No.  He's a righty.  I'm surprised that there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay per an average NFL game.  
That figures, every time I watch a game it is people standing around on the sidelines. 
Hello, do you know much about quarterbacks?
I do!  I know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL.
That's interesting. What about Vick?
He's retired.  But, he's coaching one of the teams in the new American Alliance of Football league.  Do you have a favorite QB?  Mine is Baker Mayfield.
I did not know that. I would say Mahomes is my favorite right now. I also like Andy Dalton.
Mahomes is good and I like Dalton.  Be curious to see what Mahomes does next year.  See if teams can adjust to him.  Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career.  Yikes!  That sounds too risky.
I agree. Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he was a junior when he entered college?
I didn't know that.  That's pretty impressive!  The circular huddle was created by a deaf QB named Paul Hubbard so the other team could not read his hand signals.
That's pretty interesting. I had no idea. Do you like the NFL in general?
I do.  I've been an NFL fan my whole life.  Probably more so though before big money changed the game.
Me too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing in the league?
I did know that.  I wonder if we'll see one soon.  Maybe a kicker?
I bet it will be a kicker too. 
Did you know that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game?
I did not know that, but that is pretty amazing. I would have never guessed that.
Short time considering they stretch out a game to 3 hours. lol  What do you think of the tracking chips they put in the players shoulder pads and footballs to track data?  
I agree. Yes, I heard they do that to track rotation, ball speed, location, and velocity. 
I've wondered if they could be attracted to other chips?  Like would the chips in the balls be programmed to be attracted to the chips in the wide receivers shoulder pads?
I'm not too sure how that works, but curious to know.
The highest scoring football game ever was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland in 1916.  What a blowout!
It was good talking to you!
Hi, do you like the NFL?
It's pretty entertaining. Can you believe the very first playoff game was in 1932?
That was a long time ago! Like when georgia tech beat cumberland!
Yeah, on an 80-yard long dirt field that was the home of an NHL team!
Wait, what? What was the field? The cumberland game? Tell me more!
The field of the first playoff game in 1932 was actually on a dirt field inside the Chicago stadium which was where the Blackhawks played their games at the time.
That's crazy! Im in chicago and I did not know that! I did love the old stadium though!
Nice. Did you know there was a football coach in the NFL who is also literally a rocket scientist?
I did! But I am also a huge football junkie. Matt Patricia! He is the lions head coach.
That's cool. The Lions have a pretty good quarterback.
I agree. Although he is long in the tooth. As a bears fan, I hope they do poorly!
I can't believe there is only one left-handed quarterback in the league.
Is it Byran Leftwich?
No, it's Kellan Moore.
Wow, I thought it was byron leftwich. He was good too!  Do you have a favorite NFL team?
I don't, I'm more of a baseball fan. Though Russell Wilson plays both!
I love baseball too. I am a cubs fam though. Big fan. Watching MLB network now!
Cool. Yeah, Wilson is technically still under an MLB contract even though he hasn't played since 2011.
He has been to a few spring trainings though. Rnagers an Yankees.
Yeah, the Rangers traded him to the Yankees last year.
Nice chatting with you!
You, too! Have a good one!
Hello, did you happen to watch the Superbowl yesterday?
Yes I did. Did you?
I did, I thought it was a good game, both teams had strong defenses I think Tom Brady did a good job even though he finished as the third most valuable qb
Both defenses did play good. Who were the two QBs more valuable than Tom Brady?
Im not sure but if had to gues I would say Aaron Roders and Drew Brees.
I see. Are you talking about the super bowl or the entire season?
Im talking about the entire season, I think he might go up to second or first with his performance last night, he threw a great pass for the only touchdown
But there were not passing touch downs last night.
I know, but the pass that was almost a touchdown, thats the one im refering to.
I see. Yes that was a very good pass. Not many QBs could make that throw. 
Yeah, too bad it wasnt a touchdown though, so close just a few more yards, so what is your favorite NFL team?
The Dallas Cowboys. I've been watching them since I was a little kid. How about you?
My favorite team is the Patriots so I had a pretty good time last night, how did the Cowboys do this season?
That's awesome. It's always nice when your favorite team wins the championship. The Cowboys won their division but lost in the 2nd round of the playoffs this year. 
Thats too bad, maybe next year they will make it, you know the saints have this unfair rule and if a cheerleader is at a restaurant and a player goes to the same place she must then leave
Really? That's a pretty crazy rule that I  have never hard of. Did you also know that Brad Johnson is the only QB to ever throw  touchdown pass to himself?
How is that possible lol, I might have to look for that strange fact in YouTube later, I wonder how the pass went
It was near the goal line and when he threw the ball it was deflected by a lineman but went right back to him. He caught it and ran it in. Was pretty crazy.
It must have been great and really usual since he is the only one to have done that, I dont know were the fact of the 11 minutes of gameplay comes from, it sure seems like a game is a lot longer and the clock is always paused.
Yeah it would seem like a lot longer than 11 minutes to me as well.
Yeah, football sure is a beautifull game too bad the season is now over. 
Do you follow football much?
Hello there I do watch it, how about you?
I love watching it. Do you watch both college and NFL? Who are your teams?
I follow the Packers, how about you?
Me too, I love Aaron Rodgers. I am an Iowa Hawkeye fan, did you hear that they paint their locker room for the other team pink
I heard about that, that is too funny, and I guess it's proven to help the other team relax. 
right, I think it has worked, they have beat quality teams at home. Did you know there is no rule against females playing in the league
I think I heard that, I think it would be very cool to see a female player make a roster and play. 
Right, I heard there may be a female kicker going to play college football somewhere, that would be neat
Yeah it sure would be, even if it was just kicker to start. 
for sure, that would open up a lot of opportunities. Did you hear about the Saints cheerleader rule?
I think so, the one where they would have to leave a place if members of the team show?
yea that is pretty sexist in my opinion. That makes the female potential in the nfl take a step back, my opinion
Yeah I would have to agree with you there, seems dumb to me to be honest. 
for sure i agree, do you watch college
Yeah I watch some college but not very closely, always seems like the same schools, how about you?
same, just the Hawkeyes mostly. Did you hear about the game in 1916 that ended 222-0
I heard about that wow!  I wonder how many of the fans of the opposing team were still in the stands at the end?
I wonder if they still had a football program after that lol! I would have quit once the score got to be like 100-0
Yeah they just cancel the whole program lol, and how did they even score that many? You can't even score that much in Tecmo Super Bowl. 
Right lol, that is so crazy. I feel there should have been a mercy rule created after that game lol. It was very nice chatting with you!
Hi, I read somewhere that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual game play, that's hard to believe isn't it?
yes,Anyone who has ever tuned into an NFL broadcast knows that plenty of air time is spent showing players huddling, coaches yelling, and fans cheering
Yeah, it seems like alot of wasted time.
I do not like that
Ok, when do you think the NFL will get its first female player?
I do not know that. It would be nice if it happened.
I don't understand, but I would think they are people sitting around and betting on the date the first woman player will be admitted to the NFL.
sorry i do not know that details.
ok, that's fine.  Do you know that the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink?  
yes i think,College Football ... Visiting locker rooms are often cramped places that aren't meant to be . for a home team's opponents, but the Hawkeyes take things up a notch
I'd say so too.  Do you know NFL payers have tracking chips embedded in their shoulder pads to record their every move on the field?
yes i know little bit, Sep 7, 2017 - Last season, Zebra Technologies brought next-gen stats to the NFL by implementing their RFID chips in NFL players' pads to track speed, 
That's cool, I wonder who's the fastest player?
 I think,Ten running backs were faster, and wide receiver John Ross set the combine record at 4.22. But it's Fournette, the 240-pound bruiser
Does Fournette play for the Jacksonville Jaguars?
Sorry i don't know that details please explain.
I was just wondering what NFL team he played for.  What is your favorite football team?
I like, The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Oh cool, the Packers are good.  I like the Dallas Cowboys, America's team.
okay, that nice. which player you mostly like?
I like the great Tom Brady.  It's been nice talking with you.
Hello, do you know much about the quarterback position?
I do! I know that the NFL only has one left handed quarterback now, do you?
That's interesting. I did not know that. I know Vick was a lefty.
and the great Steve Young haha. Can you believe bowlers once earned more money than football players?
I find that hard to believe. Bowling has really gone downhill since then.
It really has, or has football gone up?
Maybe just football has gone up. Baker Mayfield once thought about quitting football to pursue a career in professional gaming.
I wonder if he is still great at Halo 3? I'm surprised Alex Smith is still playing, given he's basically a genius!
I have no idea if he is. That's pretty amazing about Alex Smith. He must be very smart.
Oh for sure. I love watching football games, but hate that there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
That's very surprising. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against women playing?
I didn't know that, I wonder if any have tried out for teams! I hate that the New Orleans Saints kick cheerleaders out of restaurants if a player comes in though!
I think many teams have rules about players interacting with cheerleaders.
Maybe it is needed for the players? Could you imagine being at that college game where the score was 222-0?
I can't imagine losing by that much. I would be very sad.
I think the whole team would just quit after that haha. that was in 1916 though so it might have gotten better!
Iowa painted their opposing team locker room pink.
I thought that was always interesting, I wonder if it actually did affect other teams?
Not too sure. I don't see how that would really work all that well.
Maybe they should get an emmy like ESPN did for their yellow line during gameplay?
That's pretty awesome. Well, it was really good chatting with you today.
Do you know what AFC stands for?
I have no Idea is it American Football Champions?
I think so.  It makes sense.
Haahahaaaa, ok thats awesome i hope so too, why is it called football anyways? They play it with their hands. I dont get it some times.
Yes, football should be for soccer games since soccer players play using their feet.
you got that right lol, i feel the same way too, I love soccer, and i love watching the Players brawl in American football though, so talented I just Hope no one dies in the field one day they are talented and strong though, did you know that Kellan moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL? I GUESS RIGHT HANDED PEOPLE ARE JUST MORE FIT TO BE qbS. 
I did not know that.  Are you watching football games this season?
Not in perticular I am forced to follow them though because of my job, I love talking about sports with my clients
People talk about sports during business conversations but we need to avoid talking about politics.  How do teams choose quaterbacks?  Is it like choosing leaders in a company?
Exactly I agree with you, with sports everything is into play though including race, I dont know how they choose the QB, But I know a fact that Only 2 Black QBs have won the Super bowl 
Thanks for the info.  By the way, since we talked about it earlier, AFC stands for american football  conference (I just did some research while talking to you)
Ohhh lol we were not so off then Its Close to American Football Confrence, they have come from far though, for example I read somewhere that The first nfl play off game was played on a dirt field in Chicago, but now look how fancy the fields are too much money lol, do you think players are overpaid?
I just found out that  NFL consists of NFC and AFC
ohhh wow, now I know what NFL and AFC are so what is NFC then? 
NFC stands for National Football Conference.
Wow too complicate, I know though that NFL is one of the 4 majoy pro sports leagues in North America. I think thats pretty boss, and one thing I like is that They play football here in america and it makes enough money to get the Robert Krafts rich literally The Nfl Does not have to sell the sport anywhere else if it does not want to. 
NFL owners make so much money - I do not mind if the players are overpaid because they are doing dangerous jobs. Do you know that there is no rule against female players?
I hear you My friend they have so much money if they can pay the Athlets that much, lol how much do you think they keep?? wait what do you mean no rule against female players? you mean they can play on a male team?
As long as they meet eligibility requirements.  
ohhh wow! those guys are giants literally, but surprisingly young too, Tom Brady is getting too old for them I think thats why Patriots are not doing very good this year, do you believe women should play on an NFL team?
I agree.  Nice chatting with you.
Are you a fan of the NFL?
Yes, I am a big Packers fan!
Nice! I like the Packers also, I like Aaron Rodgers. Do you like the saints at all?
No way, hate them. What about Demarcus Lawrence not getting the praise like he should? He is a great pass rusher!
I heard that, I think he will get that big contract though. Did you know the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come, kind of sexist I think!
Yeah, that would suck to be them. The cheerleaders already don't get paid. I would be so embarrassed. 
for sure, you know who does get paid well, engineers. They make more than nfl players over their lifetime
What! Thats crazy and those quarterback better stay in school and not rely on their bodies. Alex Smith is very smart, ya know?
I heard that and a great player. Didn't he get his degree super early?
Yeah and did it right. He can play and get degrees! Did you know the huddle was created by a deaf man?
I think I heard that! Wasnt it paul hubbard, he was so good for the browns!
Exactly, he didn't want anyone to see his hand signals. That is so cool.
For sure! are you a college football fan at all?
Yes, and Mayfield is my guy! He is from OU and we would go watch him play all the time. Ya know he wasn't gonna go for football once in his life?
Nice. I heard he was a gamer for halo 3. I could have beat him. I am an Iowa fan, they paint the locker rooms of the visitors pink!
HA, nice! I like confidence! Yeah Mayfield was gonna go become a gaming pro because nobody could beat him, according to him. Yes a pink room would be embarrassing and deflating for the other team.. 
Who plays halo 3 anymore lol. I was playing that like 15 years ago. I think the pink calms the other team too much
Oh, that is an interesting outlook. I think I agree.lol Ya know the highest scoring game occured in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Can you believe that?
Man I would have quit when the game got to 100-0. So embarrassing. Good chatting with you!
Thank you for the new perspective! Im gonna run with it
Me too, bye!
Hello. How are you.
Im great, are you a football fan?
Yeah. What do you think about vontaz burfict.
I think that was a low shot, hitting Antonio Brown like that, what are your thoughts?
I thought it was really low. He does it all the time too only good part was that it cost his team the game. . 
It did, I bet his teamates were upset because of this, it was late in the game so yeah, serious consequences
Yeah. I dont like that dude.
Thats not  sport friendly, there was no flag on the play I dont think a suspension is a likely thinng the Steelers won 28-21
So what do you think will there ever be a womean in the nfl
I dont think so, theres no rule against that but I think its unlikely, what do you think?
Maybe a kicker, but I doubt it.
Yeah I think it's unlikely.
Just think the first time a woman got seriously hurt. It would not go over to well in the media.
What do you think about the 11 minutes of live gameplay?
I think the game shouldnt last 3 hours with only 11 minutes of gameplay.
I have the same thoughts, seems like an insult for fans and for viewers, too many adds, too many interruptions
Yeah. I can understand the super bowl taking longer but not regular season games.
I agree, it does take a long time, the NFL uses tracking chips 
I know they have them in the players shoulder pads as well as in the footballs.
Yeah the chips in the footballs allows us to tell track, velocity, rotation, ball speed
Its such a good invention. We get a bunch of new stats from it.
I agree a lot of interesting stats, tech is taking over sports,
Well have a good one. I gotta get off here.
Hello.  Have you ever heard of Baker Mayfield?
Yes I have! Did you know he actually came close to quitting football in order to pursue a competitive gaming career? Glad he didn't as I would guess football is much more lucrative!
I did hear that and I'm glad he didn't too!  It surprises me though in a way to picture him being so good at video games. In another way I'm not because he is very competitive.
That is true. But you know what really surprises me? I can't believe there's only one left handed QB in the NFL and that's Kellan Moore. I figured there'd be far more left handers!
I've never actually noticed but it just seems like there should be.  Maybe there will be more quarterbacks like Patrick Mahomes.  I think he can throw with either hand.
Maybe so! I wonder if the deaf guy named Paul. D. Hubbard who created the circular huddles used today to keep opposing teams from reading his hand signals was left handed?
I don't know.  I think it's neat that there used to be a deaf quarterback and I wonder why there's none in current times.  The huddle is a smart way to protect his conversations though!
Indeed it is. Since we're on the subject of quarterbacks, do you like Tom Brady? I bet his old JV high team still kicks themselves to this day for refusing to start him when he was a backup despite never winning a game or scoring a touchdown that season. It's kind of sad, really. 
Oh wow! i bet they do too!  That coach may not even coach anymore after realizing what a mistake he made.  I wonder why he just wouldn't give the backup a chance when clearly the starter was not doing so good.
It's a mystery, isn't it. But coaches sometimes make back decisions. I tell you what I often wonder is why we haven't had a female player drafted yet. Females are allowed to play as long as they meet the eligibility requirements, believe it or not!
I guess they haven't tried or been able to meet requirements.  I've seen a few female players, mostly kickers, on the news and other shows.  I know there is a female ref and I think an assistant coach of some kind now.
Is there really? I mean, since the average game is only 11 minutes in terms of live gameplay, you'd think we would have at least seen a female kicker by now, right?
The nfl is slow moving on some things.  Just look at the New Orleans Saints. They have a rule for the cheerleaders that if they are at a restaurant and a player comes in they have to leave.
That is hard to believe and I can't believe lawsuits haven't been filed yet unless it's just some silly voodoo superstition or something? Either way, in terms of money, women would be better off becoming engineers since they make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players anyway. 
Wow, that really surprises me. I mean, some of these contracts players get are so extreme!
Hey, even crazier, back in the 1960s, the top bowlers made more than the top football players. That is so depressing considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is.
I guess people weren't that into football back then like they are now.  Now ESPN wins an emmy for creating a yellow line to show where the first down is during the game.
That is true and that yellow line is so innovative. I couldn't watch a game without it today! But thankfully people are more into football today as I couldn't see a bowler making more than Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career. That would be plain wrong!
That would be wrong and I like that line too. It makes the game more intense and exciting when you know just how far a team has to go.  Do you watch any college football games?
I do like to watch college football. But I feel sorry for those teams who play Iowa at their stadium and have to sit in a pink lockerroom. I'm not sure if that's good or bad for the University of Iowa. Ha! What about you?
I love college football! I think it's better than the NFL actually.  Have you ever heard about the Georgia Tech/Cumberland game of 1916?  If not, check it out when you have time.  I've got to go. It's been great chatting with you!
Do you know the details of Quarterback?
You mean the position in football? I know a little
Quarterback is one of the Most Important Position in the National Football League.
The QB certainly has a challenging role. The game has evolved around the position.
Yes, it's true. Do you like Football?
I watch it from time to time. I'm surprised to learn that Tom Brady was overlooked by his JV team in high school. 
Junior varsity players are the members of a team who are not the main players in a competition, usually at the high school and college levels in the United States. 
I would have expected the coach to recognize talent in the QB that would eventually win 4 Super Bowls. Have you heard of Alex Smith?
I think Alexander Douglas Smith is an American football quarterback for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League. Is it right?
I think so. He took a lot of AP tests in high school and started college as a junior. Smart guy.
Okay, That's nice. 
If he doesn't do well in the NFL, I bet he could become an engineer. They make more on average over their careers.
Okay, Last offseason the Redskins traded for Alex Smith, hoping he would fill that hole for several years. But when he suffered the compound spiral fracture of his right leg in November, it left his career in doubt and the Redskins needing to plan for life without him. The Redskins have made it clear that Smith's health, regardless of football, is most important.
It's good to hear that the team is concerned. I think that he needs to consider other alternatives besides football.
What is your favorite team in National Football League?
Probably the Green Bay Packers. They are the only non-profit team in the league. They are worth a ton of money.
I like too. The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. 
They have sold out every game since 1960. 
The Packers compete in the National Football League as a member club of the league's National Football Conference North division.
The players make a lot of money, but an average game has about 11 minutes of live gameplay!
Yes, and i think this is one of the most famous game in the world. 
Did you know that engineers tend to make more over their lifetimes than NFL players? I guess it's better to be an engineer.
Hi, how are you?
Im great. how are you? are you a football person? 
I'm good, thanks for asking.  Yes, I like football.
I don't watch too often. I usually follow the NFL right around playoffs. did you watch the super bowl this year?
Yes, I watched my favorite team, the Patriots pull out another win with my man, Tom Brady.
The patriots seem to always win. werent they called the Lannisters of the NFL?
Yes, they've been called that.  Hey don't hate, appreciate! LOL
LOL. Ok. i guess i usually root for the underdog. didnt the pats win last year too?
They've won a few times the past couple of years.  
Um, doesnt brady have like a dozen rings or something? half a dozen? 
Yeah, but he deserves every one of them, he has a very good work ethic.
yes, he also seems to have a unique diet. strawberry-less.
Don't forget the avocado icecream, he loves so much!
Why avocados? are they a vegan thing? he is a vegan right? is his wife?
I'm not sure about that icecream, it's supposed to be creamy with all the good fats, but it sounds just plain gross.  I ain't eating it!
i guess he sees the results and doesnt mind the taste. maybe you add salt or something? salsa? i wonder.
Uggh! you're making it worse!
LOL. sorry. i got carried away. I guess i should control myself during the chats or i might disgust my partner. Sorry.
Lol, he can eat whatever he wants as long as I can eat my chicken wings and drink my beer while watching him play.  I sat for over 3 hours watching that last Superbowl and about ran out of beer before the end.
You flirted with tragedy there my friend. you need to be better prepared! does amazon do same-day delivery of beer on sundays? Plan for success!
I was a little mad, especially when I keep hearing that there are only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay in a game. WTF?
Yeah, a lot of standing around and waiting waiting waiting. Anyway, great chat!
Same to you!  Have a good evening.
Hello, do you watch football
Yup. I assume you are referring to American football, like the NFL, and not to the World Cup football? 
Yeah the NFL? I missed the superbowl this year, did you watch it?
Yup. Brady did it again! To think he wasn't even a starter in High School...
I know , they missed on a real talent back then for sure
Another Patriot I admire, former running back Benjavus Green-Ellis... The dude never once fumbled during his entire pro career!
How amazing is that really. DO you know what the highest score in football history is?
222-0!  Talk about shooting a man's horse! 
I know that is quite something. Georgia Tech must be still raving about that
Cumberland was scarred for all time!  I bet their players all switched to bowling...
Hahaha could be. Back in the day they would have made much more money
True. You know what they say, guys do for the girls, the gold, or the glory!  YOu know, the NFL has no rules against female players? So the girls could go for the gold and the glory too!
I really wonder if we will see that anytime soon. I would like to see it, it might make the game more diverse and fun
Yeah. Did you know the Univ of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
Yeah that is so strange. Did you know the ESPN won an Emmy once?
Of course! They made that game-changing superimposable yellow line that tells every armchair quarterback where the first down marker is located. Only noteworthy thing ESPN has ever done.
I guess, interesting to win an award for that. Good for them. Did you know Baker Mayfield considered quitting the sport?
No! Tell me it isn't so! Why? Was he jealous of Alex Smith's stellar academic performance?
hahhaha maybe and also because he wanted to become a professional competitive gamer
Well, he is still just one concussion away from a career as a couch potato, so maybe he should rethink his decision... Alex Smith, who took so many AP courses in high school, he started College as a Junior, and yet he still chose a sport where men twice your size try to kill you every Sunday. Think again Alex...
Hhaha I know but what a dedication on his behalf go plan that ahead for your career. Nice chatting with you
Are you a fan of the NFL's Cincinnati's Bengals?
No, I don't follow much the NFL, are they doing good this year ?
I don't know.  I do know that the Bengals have a linebacker in trouble for late hits.  His name is Vontaze Burfict.
Now I remember, I think there getting a lot of penalties these day, don't they ?  
I guess.  I didn't even know the Steeler had a problem with Burfict.  He sounds like kind of a dirty player.
Do you think all the chips and sensors they put in the players' equipment will do anything regarding this issue ?
I'm not sure but I could see where it might help officiating the game. I think it could help QB safety.  
It is a rough sport, I hope they will enforce the rules and increase the safety of the players. 
Yeah, some of them get brain damage.  I guess with all the bad hits from Burflict, the guy he hit ended up making the game-winning touchdown. 
Do you think they have the same problems with the others variation of football like rubgy or Canadian football ?
Probably -- anything that's a contact sport.  It's bad in boxing too... Then again, the average length of real gameplay in the NFL is only 11 minutes. 
I knew there was a lot of advertisements and replays but not that much. Do you think they should do something about that ?
I played in HS and there is a lot of standing around.  Most of it's moving the poles or substitutions. They could reduce commercials though. 
Yes, but it seems that it is still very popular 14 of the biggest stadiums are football stadiums in the US, people seem to like it the way it is. 
Yeah I prefer college football.  My alma mater beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  Wow, the coach must of have a vendetta...
Yeah, I would you feel if you were on the winning team ?
I think I would feel like a bully.  We did use circular huddles but I didn't know it was invented for a deaf QB. 
They would not have need one for the play of the QB who threw a touchdown pass to himself. 
I would have liked seeing that.  Did you know the NFL has no rule against women playing?
No,  I did not know that, do you think they want women players or they don't want to offend feminists ?
Probably just never thought it would come up.  In today's "victim" society, they are probably keeping it that way for feminists.  Thanks!  You were great. 
You too, have a good weekend. 
Hello.  Do you watch football?
Yes, what is your favorite team ?
I don't really have a favorite. I like a few on both sides, the nfc and the afc.  What's your favorite?
I like the Giants, Eli Manning is struggling, but I believe that he will come back. 
Maybe, a lot of people say it's all on Eli but I think it's a team thing. Their offense, not just him, has had trouble performing lately.
He did improve, he made changes in his personal life, but the results are not there....
What kind of changes did he make?  When they played the Saints he made 31 of his 41 passes but they still lost the game. That just tells me there's problems with other players.
He was benched in 2017, so maybe he had issues with his coach.  
Yeah, I remember that.  I wonder if part of the issue is his age. He is 37 now.
Yeah, He has to get better if he wants to ends his career on a high note, like when Georgia tech won 222-0. 
True.  Is that that game from back in the early 1900s?
Yeah, it was a long long time ago, against Cumberland. How would you feel if you were on the losing team ?
If I were Cumberland I would feel terrible, demoralized.  Then again, maybe people just really didn't care all that much about football back then.  In the 60s bowlers made twice as much as football players.
I think I would just laugh it off, there is nothing to learn from a 222 point defeat. 
You can learn that your defense needs a great deal of work as well as the coaches because whatever game plan the coaches came up with clearly did not work.
Yeah, do you like watching football on TV ? 
I do.  Hey, do you think Cumberland should have painted their locker rooms pink like the University of Iowa does?
Maybe, it could not have been worse. Do you think there is too much advertisement in football, there is only 11 minutes of live game play in a  game. 
Yes I do.  It seems like they go to commercial after every down practically.  What do you think about women becoming players?
I think it is a good idea, but is it feasible, they they have the physical strength to compete with men ?
I don't know.  I know there's no rules against them playing if they can meet requirements.
do you like the NFL?
Yes I do. DO you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB?
WOw cool. Do you like Brady of the Patriots?
Yes I do, he is a good player, is he your favorite?

One of them yes. In high school he was a back up QB and never got started
Wow their loss I guess. Brad Johnson once threw himself a touchdown shot
Wait what? How is that even possible?
Exactly, that is why he is the only guy in history to have done that
Yeah I guess so. ALex Smith finished college in two years only
Nice, he must be smart. Did you know Russell WIlson is still under contract though he is not playing regularly?
Wow that is interesting. Yes Alex was smart but he also took lots of ap tests in high school and managed to move fast
Great planner too. Snoop dog once wrote a song for his son's team
Nice. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players
I wonder too. In the 60s bowlers made more than the football players
I guess football was not that popular back in the day as bowling was

True. DO you know the highest score in college football is 222-0?
Wow what, when was that and who was playing?
Yes it was Georgia Tech who beat Cumberland in 1916

WOw what a defeat . Nice chat
Same here, have a great one
Hello - did you know the university of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink?
Hi! Is it the opposing players locker room that's painted pink or the players locker room? Why would they paint it pink?
It's the opposing players locker room. It's probably a psychological thing. 
Wonder if there's any actual effect or they just want to get in their minds. I have never followed Canadian football, I would imagine hockey is considered America's favorite sport instead of football. Don't think hockey is quite as big as it is in Canada?
I think hockey is definitely bigger in Canada. I think football and baseball are bigger in America than hockey. 
Even basketball too especially for March Madness! Maybe Canada have women playing in their football leagues because there's no official written rule preventing female players from playing, but no one has yet met the physical requirements to my knowledge.
Did you know the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars? 
Does that still hold true, I'd imagine not since it seems as if football stars make a lot more than that and they make much more from endorsements too, if a bowler endorsed something, I don't think I would know them.
I bet it doesn't still hold true. 
Unless the league factors in that they only average about 11 minutes of live gameplay so maybe it still does
That's crazy it's only 11 minutes of play. 
Yes and yet I devote an entire afternoon to watching the games! The circular huddle that's used in games today was actually created by a deaf quarterback so the opposing team couldn't read his hand signals, he should've trademarked that!
That's a cool stat. I saw that Green-Ellis has never fumbled the ball in his NFL football career. 
That's not an easy feat consider people are literally chasing you when you possess the ball, wonder if he can negotiate a better salary with that stat.
I can't believe he never fumbled. Never heard that stat before. 
Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback, would the opposing team need to adjust their plays to accommodate that dexterity bias?
I'm not sure what the opposing team would need to do to adjust. 
If only the superbowl was as entertaining as the 1916 Georgia tech game when they defeated Cumberland by 222-0, actually I think that'd be a pretty boring game as well.
That would be pretty crazy. This past super bowl was pretty boring. Probably the most boring one ever. 
Yeah, it really was but I still watched the whole thing. To my knowledge, I don't think the Rams or Patriots cheerleaders are treated like the Saints cheerleaders where they are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as the players.
It was good talking to you - take care!
Hi, how are you?
hey I'm good, do you have a favorite quarterback?
I like Jay Cutler. Do you?
ya he's good, I also like tom brady, Kellan Moore is interesting because he is left handed and the only quarterback like that
Yeah. I thought there would have been more leftys but I guess he is the only one. Do you know who alex smith is?
no I don't, I think hes a quarterback but thats all I know
He took so many AP tests in high school, he entered college as a junior! I barely passed high school. What a show off!
wow he sounds really smart! what is weird is that only 2 black quarterbacks have ever won the superbowl, I wonder why
Racism... The huddle was created by a deaf QB. Who knew!
ah interesting! and ya apparenlty a quarterback threw a touchdown pass to himself, how is that possible?
Was it Baker Mayfield. He's good at Halo 3! He claims he can beat anyone at OU in the game.
wow thats impressive, also impressive that over half of the biggest world stadiums are all american football stadiums
There's only one stadium that has a visiting locker room that is pink though, the university of iowa!
ya I bet! Only 1 team has a snoop dogg song for their anthem, and that is snoop doggs son's team haha
ESPN won an emmy for that yellow line of the field for first downs. Seems like a low bar for an emmy.
ya it seems obvious but maybe it was a big tech breakthrew at the time, have you seen those huge american flags at football stadiums?
I have. The ones for the national anthem that is unfurralled?
yup those, they cost 50k and are over 1000 pounds, thats nuts!
I can understnad the cost but 1000 pounds seems really heavy! For only 11 minutes of play too!
yup it does seem like a waste, did you hear about the tracking chips the nfl uses?
I love chips, especially doritos! Nice chatting with you!
Do you like the Cleveland Browns team?
Not really.  I do kind of feel sorry for them.  Even with Joe Thomas, I wonder if they could turn things around.
I don't really follow football at all to be honest. Only my hometown football team-the Buffalo Bills
I'm a Chiefs fan myself.  They do say the Thomas will soon be in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.  Cold there?  It is here at 15 degrees and snow.
I think that's great that he will be in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Yep it's cold here. It's in the 20s, but not much snow
Well, I have some snow you can have.  I've been to Canton, OH but regret not going to the Hall of Fame. 
I've never really gone anywhere. It doesn't snow as much in Buffalo as people think. Only in certain areas. Tyrod Taylor used to be our quarterback.
I remember him.  A super Browns fan gave me a Browns cap on a flight I shared with her.  I guess she was a member of the Dog Pound.
That's so great! I hear the Browns have really great fans. Buffalo does too. We don't have a great team, but we love them. 
Back in the day the Bills did well.  Was it the late 1980's?  Did you know that the NFL has no rules that women can't play?
Yep, I think it was the late 80s that we did well. We went to 4 super bowls but couldn't win any of them. The first one was the closest. It still breaks our hearts. The missed field goal-Wide Right are 2 words we all hate
Who was the QB?  I can picture him but can't think of the name... Did ya know that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL?
That is interesting about Keilan Moore. What team does he play for? Our QB's name was Jim Kelly. We love him. He's battled cancer and won. We really admire him
I'm not sure.  I'm more of a football fan - my alma maters.   I played in HS and we used circular huddles.  I didn't know that originated for a deaf QB.
That's great that you played in HS. What position did you play? I didn't know circular huddles originated for a deaf QB! That's fascinating! 
I started as a defensive back, safety and special teams.  Ah, the glory days. Funny, we didn't have any pink locker rooms for the visiting team but they did have to use the girls locker room.
Are you a female? You had mentioned girls can play in the NFL. I'm a female, but never played sports. I'm not very good at any sports
Having played football in HS?  Nope, I'm a dude.  I went to Georgia Tech and I had no idea we beat poor Cumberland 222-0 in 1916. 
That's awesome!  I think it's sad when football players have to retire before they're ready due to injuries
That is terrible. I am grateful that ESPN created the superimposed yellow first down line.  That makes the game more exciting.  
I agree. It makes the game much easier to follow for me. Makes it more clear whether the player made the first down.
Thanks for the excellent chat!  Good luck to the Bills!
Seems like the Redskins are in need of a wide receiver
Terrelle Pryor did struggle quite a bit.
Yeah he didnt catch on and the Redskins need something more, among the prospects are Alex Smith, Teddy Brigewater, I think they can be good options for the team
It seems like they have a lot of good prospects that were successful in college.  But they have been really lacking in that position for years
Yeah seems like they need each, maybe they can help each other get better they used to be great players so maybe they can recover their level
Maybe they just need a QB like Brad Johnson who once threw a touchdown pass, to himself.
Yeah or like Tom Brady, he didnt get a chance to play when he was a Junipero High School so he might identify with the wide receiver the team wants
It is kind of crazy that Brady didnt get that chance.  He really showed them!
He did, I bet the coach of the former Juniperra High School team felt really stupid when he saw Brady win all those superbowls, the JS High School team was really bad
Definitely.  Did you know there is only one left handed QB in the NFL
No I didnt, do you know the name of that QB?
Kellan Moore.
Oh so its Kellan Moore, I thought he was a righty, nice to know, do you know Baker Mayfield?
Didnt he almost leave football for professional gaming?
No, I think he was considering going it but stayed with football, he was a great Halo 3 player, I wish I could play against him I have mad skills too
I heard he thought he could beat everyone at his school, I have never played myself.
Yeah I did hear that too, he must be pretty good, good thing he stayed in football he is a great QB,
Did you know that the flags that span the field weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000?
Thats really heave and also really expensive, $50000 a pop! thats way too much money
I wonder if there are just a few and they pass them around.  That is a lot of money, but they are also playing some of the players millions.
Football players do make a lot of money, its a good thing to be a pro player, great business specially if you are a QB
Do you like football? my favorite player is the quarterback
i like football. the player i hate the most is the quarterback
Why is that? what position do you like better?
i like defense. defense is most important on the field. they must be the toughest, the roughest, the best.
I agree, a QB is no good without a solid defence, so yeah they are really important
i figure that a good coach knows the value of defense in stopping those pesky qbs. the QB is a target. the QB is a meal the QB is for eating.
There are some great QB out there, even the best ones get sacked
I like sacking QBs! They never see it coming because they're behind the line.
Thats why they must have a great defensive line, do you know who Baker Mayfield is?
is he a QB? who is he?
He is a QB, he considered quitting football and become a pro gamer, apparently he is really good at Halo 3
he probably should stick to video games. that is the safe bet. career is much longer.
I agree, you can get really injured by playing football then theres also the brain damage, 
the brain damage from video games is pretty bad too. i had a friend that played them too much. ended up about a simple as a retired player.
Really? I didnt know about that, but it makes sense, playing video games that long can have negative consequences for sure
the brain is a fragile organ, not designed to withstand hours of banal stimulation and entertainment. there should be a warning label on games about cognitive impairment.
There should be, but I doubg that will stop gamers, did you hear abouut the QB that created the circular huddle?
i have not heard that joke. whats the punchline?
Not a joke lol, he was a deaf QB that invented the huddle so that the other team wouldnt read his signals
oh, ok, that is cool. i thought you were telling a joke. he invented the huddle? the guy is a legend. anyway, great chat!
Nope, wasnt joking lol, good chat,
Hi, how are you?
Very good.  Did you see the Super Bowl last Sunday.  As usual the AFC and the NFC champs squared off on the first Sunday of February?
Unfortunately, I did not get a chance to watch. What about you?
Yes.  Tom Brady was the winning QB again.  The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  But those are a strenuous 11 minutes.
On a per-minute basis, they get paid pretty well. There is no rule against women in the game. What do you think: will we have women any time soon?
Maybe a kicker someday.  Probably for publicity purposes mainly.  Since there are 32 teams, each year there are 31 losers.
A kicker, or a punter, I agree. There is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL: Kellan Moore. There are many left-handed pitchers. Why so few lefty QBs?
Left handed pitchers are hard for left handed batters to hit.  I was an assistant scout for the Phillies in years past.  However, a pass from a lefty in football spins the opposite way and is a little difficult to defend if you don't see it often.
So lefty QBs have an advantage? Interesting. I thought maybe the front line had to protect the QB differently because the blind side is different. But what do I know anyway.
The Alabama QB is a lefty and came in second for the Heisman this year.  He may win it next year since he was a freshman.  How would you like to enter the visitor's dressing room at Iowa and dress with pink walls.
I guess that's supposed to psych out the opposition, but it seems weak. How many games has U of I won at home? 
They are better than average, but not elite at home.  In the 1960's, pro bowlers made twice as much as pro football players.
Bowling is a "sport," but not nearly so strenuous or violent as football. Probably have good career longevity.  Nobody watches bowling the same as they did then.
That's the amazing thing.  The market for the NFL was much smaller and they have to pay a lot more players.  Smaller than now, not smaller than bowling's market.
I guess TV changes everything. The first SB was in the 60s, so I guess the league hadn't organized itself well enough. College ball might have been the bigger draw.
I think it was. I mentioned Tom Brady before.  In his JV high school years his team did not win a game, did not score a TD and he was the back-up and never played a down!
The coach really blew it there. I think Brady has succeeded because of his teammates and head coach as well. 
True.  In college, he played for Michigan and they hardly passed the ball.  So he was drafted 199.  He had talent and no one knew how much.  Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he entered college as a junior.  QBs can be smart.
I don't know much about the college game. The highest score ever in a football game was in 1916. Georgia Tech crushed Cumberland 222-0. I wonder if the GT coach put in the third string. What was he trying to prove?
My brother played guard in high school and they were beating some team 74-0 and my brother got to play QB, and he scored.  I am surprised he knew where to stand in the huddle where the QB calls the plays.
The game should be fun, especially for kids. I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!
Thanks, Bye.
hey my friend do you have a favorite quarterback?
Well, I am not into football but I think I would be crazy to not say Payton Manning. 
I like Brady myself, and I didn't know that Kellan Moore is actually left handed
I like Tom Brady as well. His Super bowl wins are so impressive.
ya I agree, did you hear the backstory to Baker Mayfield?
Yes, he once considered quitting football to game competitively. 
ya, he made the right movie! Did you hear how the football huddle was created?
It was created by a deaf quarterback who did not want the other team to read his hand signals. I like knowing the reason behind the traditions.
ya me too, it is a genius thing, can't believe the highest football score of all time was 222-0, thats a blowout!
That sounds like an overpowered team having fun at the other teams expense. 
ya, I would feel so bad to be a Cumberland fan that day! that was back in 1916 though
Football has changed a lot over the years and is even very different in different countries. I like the way they play football in Canada. 
oh what is the difference in how they play there? I just think that it was great ESPN won an emmy for the yellow line they created for first downs in TV football games
They have a larger field in Canada. They also get ESPN in Canada and it is very popular. 
ah interesting Ill have to look into that, do you like the Patriots? they have 1 player who actually has never fumbled the ball
Everyone loves the Patriots except those who have to compete next to them in the Super bowl. Was that Tom Brady who never fumbles the ball.
haha it was not it was Benjarvus Green-Ellis, I'd give him the ball every time!
Oh, I should learn more names from the team. Are the Patriots your favorite team?
yes I do love the Patriots, i'm just glad they make a lot of money too, unlike in the 60's where bowlers made more than nfl players!
Apparently the average lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than the average NFL player.
ya that is shocking, also shocking is there is no rule against female NFL players!
If a woman could meet the requirements then they would be eligible. I can imagine that would be very difficult.
ya I would think so, But I could see a kicker or something happening in our lifetime
hi, do you watch American Football
I do not. I used to go to some games in High school but would get distracted by whatever else was happening. I had no idea that there are so many different variations of American football. I have watched Rugby before though.
Ohh, I have not watched any Rugby game before.  Btw, did you watch the super bowl last year between the patriot and eagle
I did not. If so, I usually only watch for the musical guest. I know that the Patriots seem to make it every year. I think its crazy that Brad Johnson threw a touchdown pass to himself. He must be fast! Did you watch?
I did watch the game.  Actually the quarterback that threw the pass to himself was Nick Foles, if I am not mistaken
Is it? I just read it in Factual section, never actually saw it. 
I have rewatched the game so many times because it was one of the best super bowl games in the history
That's cool. Who's your favorite team?
Green Bay Packers, you?
None of The Above. I think its cool though that the NFL started from such humble beginnings.
Yeah, they grow so fast and become the most popular sport in North America.  Also, did you know that there are only 11 minute of live gameplay in an NFL game?
Wow! And that game goes on forever! Hours! Why do you like it so much? I'm curious how sports can grow to make stadiums in Texas that seat 18,000.
Sport game makes me both feel nervous and loyalty to the team that I root for.  What do you feel
It makes me feel bored. Are you from Wisconsin ? that's where the Green Bay packers are from? 
I am from California, but I am a Green bay fan because their fan's loyalty got my enthusiasm for football.  
That's cool to hear. Football watchers are a pretty loyal bunch. Even snoopdogg wrote a song for his High school football team. 
Yeah, I heard those Snoopdogg's songs and they were hilarious and enjoyable.  Btw, did you know that women are eligible to play pro football if they are qualified?
I wonder what the qualifications are? I didn't know that before this . I never realized how serious it is. Its crazy how one of the coaches is a rocket scientist! 
If a woman has the skill as a man, then she can play the game as long as a team recruits her playing for them
Are there any women in the NFL right now? 
no so far.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Enjoy your holiday
You too! Merry Christmas! And next year be your year for your team! 
The Browns have made a strategic move and are expeced to do well because of it.
I saw they agreed to trade to draft picks to the Dolphins.
Yes, Yes, and they got Jarvis Landry who led the NFL in the past season.
He had 112 catches last season. They also agreed to send a 3 round pick to the Bills.
They got Tyrod Taylor for that trade. It looks like a potential trade for Damarious Randall is still in the works.
Todd Haley will have a nice roster and plenty of potential.
The Browns might even get their pick of prized quarterbacks.
Wouldn't that be awesome? They are wondering if Taylor was the right selection. He was benched in favor of a rookie.
Yes, he did help to reach the playoffs but seems like he was in over his head against Jacksonville.
Taylor's just the temporary starter quarterback. They could draft Sam Darnold or Josh Rosen. 
That is good. It seemed as if Taylor's performance is a bit unpredictable.
He started the last three season and only has 51 touchdowns. I would be a little leary. There's always room for improvement.
Why do you think they traded for Taylor?
He wasn't valuable to them anymore. They could get a new player who would pair well with the players.
It seems that they have several different choices for quarterbacks and that it's a step in the right direction.
Or what if they go with Penn State running back Saquon Barkley?
I don't know too much about him but it seems like that would be a surprise choice.
They wouldn't have their choice of quart backs.
Yes, but it seems they would still get one of them.
The consultant to the Browns, Scot McCloughan like Mayfield.
Yes, he likes Mayfield, but apparently Mayfield is polarizing. I wonder what that means.
He just has a presence about him like Lamar Jackson. People want to see him play because he all the great attributes.
I see
Hello, The National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC).
DId you know that they use tracking chips in footballs and shoulder pads in the NFL?
Not at all, what does this work for?
They use it in footballs to track velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.  In the shoulder pads they record players every move on the field
Go, they want to have all the movements calculated, this football is fantastic
If you visited iowa's locker room it is pink.
Yes, yes, I've heard a lot about it, I heard that they do it to scare other teams or show that they are better
That is strange!  Former patriots rb benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled in the nfl!
He's talented, I think that's what I think competitiveness
Do you watch favorite football games on Thanksgiving?
Yes, I am always aware of the matches
Predictions were that the Cowboys would beat the Redskins.  The Jaguars were stated to be an unreliable team in the NFL.
Wow, this team must have an excellent football behavior
Steelers Ben Roethlisberger ranks 8th in QBR
Well, they should improve if they want to occupy the first place
haha.  The huddle was created by a deaf quarterback to prevent his hand signals from being read
There are so many surprises everywhere
In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
Seriously? There must have been more public on one side than on the other supporting the sport
Also the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl and average mlb player
Well, being an engineer was a lot of things
Hey there! Are you a fan of the NFL?
Hello! I am! are you?
I am! Do you have a favorite team? I'm from Texas, so I'm obligated to root for the Cowboys!
Haha I am a Vikings fan! The Cowboys are fun to watch too! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?
No! That's wild! It's hard to follow on the TV sometimes, so thank goodness they created that superimposed yellow line for the first down.
Didn't that win an emmy for ESPN?
It did! A tv network won an award for TV shows!
Oh nice! I wish they had footage of that game that was 222-0 in 1916!
Right?! Back when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
That would have been a sight to see. A very sad sight lol. Do you have a favorite quarterback? 
Haha! I don't... None that still play anyway. Are you a Tom Brady fan?
Oh gotcha! I think he's a good player but I wouldn't call him my favorite haha.
Yeah, people disagree with his morals, I guess, haha! Did you know his JV coach didn't care much for him either?
He didn't even put them in when they were doing absolutely terrible! Jokes on him I guess!
Right? He went on to win 4 super bowls!
6 now actually lol. Do you ever think a girl will ever tryout for a team?
I'm not sure. I know they're technically allowed, and I would love to see that! It's just such a sexist industry.
It really is! I would love to see it too! The Saints are sexist about their cheerleaders as well!
I know, can you believe the cheerleaders are forced to get up midmeal if any NFL player walks in?
That is crazy! They need to update that like they do their technology! Anyways, it was great chatting with you!
Enjoy your night! 
Hello do you watch NFL?
I do watch the NFL. Do you?
Love it.  Great team sport.
Absolutely. I can't believe an average game is only 11 minutes without commentary and commercials.
I wish the season than 16 games.
I wonder why female players are playing football, apparently it's not against the rules.
Maybe one will start as a kicker?
That would be cool. 
Did you know there are chips in the footballs to track?
No didn't, that is interesting. What exactly do the chips track?
Good question since the refs still get a lot of calls wrong lol.
I know right. Maybe that's why the highest scoring game ever was 222-0!
Georgia Tech should be ashamed to run up the score like that!
Haha, I know it's crazy.
or you would think cumberland would have forfeited
Yeah you would think so. Do you think it's kind of mean to paint a visiting's team locker room pink or smart? The university of Iowa did.
Mind games I guess?  Did you know ESPN won an emmy for inventing the yellow line?
That is a weird thing to win an Emmy for. 
I wonder if rb green ellis ever got anything for not fumbling for his whole career?
I'm not sure but he should have, that's a huge accomplishment. 
Yeah I would be proud!  Nice talking to you and good night!
You too, bye! 
hello, how are you today!
Good, do you like any variations of football, from rugby to soccer ?
Yes, I love to go to the football games and soccer!
But do you have a favorite between soccer and football ?
Long time Buccaneer Fan, and New England!
Ok, you seem to know more than a few things about football if you can appreciate 2 teams at the same time. Since when do you watch the NFL ?
Since Jr. High School a long time. A whole family thing! and you?
I don't watch football regularly, not even the Superbowl, there are 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game. It is not enough to sustain my attention. 
Yes, I understand. Do you like soccer? I love that too!
I wish I watched more soccer, but they don't show matches where I live, do you have a favorite soccer team ?
We have a new team, where we live so getting popular. I didn't know there is no written rule against female players. lol
It is either progressive from their part or regressive as an unlikely concept
ha, ha, ha, I was thinking the same thing!
I have ambiguous feeling about the NFL, it is quite violent, there are only 16 games in a season, it is probably because if there were more there would be too much injuries among the players. 
Yes, I agree! Those tracking chips are helpful as far as tracking. How about that 222-0 score in 1916!
That is around 30 touchdowns ! Or a TD every 2 minutes. I think people just stopped clapping to save their hands.  
lol, picture that! omg...Top football stars made less than top bowlers in 1960. 
It was another era, it bowling could be as violent as football today, bowler would be paid more. 
Your right! lol, Didn't know cheerleaders have to leave when football player comes into restaurant. Guess too much togetherness! lol Good chat!!
That is another retrograde attitude from the NFL, I hope that will change that soon. 
yes, I do too!
Hey!  Do you follow football?
Hello!  I follow football as much as I can. Probably equal parts college and the National Football League.  How about you?
I tend more to the college side, but it is all good by me
I guess you might as well through in High School as well, especially if you are in Texas.  Allen,Texas, has a $60 million, 18 K seat high school stadium!
That is huge!  That team is probably pretty good to have that kind of facility.  Much better than Cumberland from 1916!
Tell me more about Cumberland.  Do they have a team anymore?
Im not sure, but they lost to Ga Tech 222-0 in 1916.
Wow.  It must be some sort of record.  Speaking of lovable losers, the Cleveland Browns returned to the NFL in 1999.  Despite playing eight home games per season, do you know who has the most wins in that stadium?  Opposing Steeler quarterback Ben Roethlsberger.
Wow, even more wins than the Browns?  That's sad.  My team, the Dolphins isnt much better though.
At least the weather is nicer.  Maybe you need a rocket science head coach.  Believe it or not, coach Matt Patricia actually is a rocket science!  
Maybe he can figure out why it takes 3+ hours to play a game when there is only 11 minutes of active game play.
He should get right on that. They spend so much money already.  Players and even the footballs have tracking devices that record every movement on the field.
I wonder how they use all that data.  It seems like gathering it they should have a big purpose for it.
I am sure part of it is to ensure they are getting the most out of their investments. I wonder how that works for Russell Wilson who hasn't played baseball since 2011, but is still on an MLB contract!
Id like that kind of deal!  
Amazingly he is also only one of two african-american quarterbacks to win a Super Bowl.  Doug Williams was the first.  Interestingly, they both got their wins over the Broncos.
That's pretty incredible.  I remember when Warren Moon played in the NFL for the Vikings, I think he was the first African American quarterback in the NFL, but not the first to win.
Some big name quarterbacks for sure, but none may ever reach Brad Johnson who actually is the only QB to throw a TD pass to himself.  It must have been tipped!
Had to have been, although I am curious to see the highlight reel for that one.  
The NFL has definitely come a long way since.  I mean, way back in 1932 the first playoff game was actually played on a dirt-field in a hockey stadium that was only 80 yards long.
Wow, it certainly has.  Even recent years improving home viewing with replays and that yellow line.
I couldn't imagine a game without it and constantly have to remind myself the players can't see it!
Haha!  Me too, my mom was shocked when she went t my brothers first high school game years ago that the line wasnt there.
Lol.  I wonder what she would think if she found out that those big American flags in the stadiums cost like $50 K and weigh about a ton!
Ill have to tell her! Its been great chatting tonight!  
Did you watch the NFL games last weekend?  My favorite team the Ravens, and their new QB Lamar Jackson, unfortunately have already been eliminated.
I did watch.  What happened to Joe Flacco?
He's gt hurt, missed a few games, Lamar took his spot, and that's all she wrote.  
What do you think of Saints quarterback Drew Brees?  He's good whether he's under pressure or not.
Yeah, he's been good for a long time.  They had been crushing teams until this past weekend.  Even their defense was clicking.  Oh well.  That was a bad call though.
I heard they wore white because the coach lost a bet to the Eagles coach.
Possibly.  If i had to start a team though I'd definitely take Andrew Luck over Brees.  He had a good season behind his revamped offensive line. 
So what do you think about a possible female coach?  The Browns want to talk to Condoleeza Rice about the job.
I don't see it.  I know there is no written rule preventing female players either but not sure how realistic that is.  
Strangers things have happened. Matt Patricia is a rocket scientist/aeronautical engineer.
I know.  Maybe he should do that because he hasn't been very successful as a head coach.  Through the 17 week regular season, he hasn't proven enough to me yet.
I think he needs another year to see.  It's tough to judge a coach based on their first year.  
I suppose.  He must like it though.  The average lifetime earnings are stastically higher for an engineer than an nfl player, so you could do fine elsewhere.
True.  Seems like more is spent on stadiums than people.  A high school football stadium in Texas cost $60 million to build.
Yeah, I knew HS football is huge in TX.  Not as big as the Superbowl which is usually held the first Sunday in February, but still huge.
College Football is getting huge too.  14 of the worlds largest stadiums are from american colleges.
Yup.  Baker Mayfield from the University of OK played in a pretty large stadium.  
Yes he did.  Players can do more than just football to earn money though.  Russell WIlson was under contract with the Texas Rangers baseball team til last year.
And Baker Mayfield actually considered quitting football to pursue full time competitive gaming.
Now that's interesting!  The military football teams coaches work for the department of defense.  They are the highest paid employees there.
That must be a cool job.  Defensive coach for a military foot team.  I wonder how much gamplay time is in the college game.  The average nfl game on has 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
I don't know. I guess it's be close to the same.  But then again, football has different variations and rules globally.  
do you like football?
I love it . Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players
Good point. Bowlers made more in the 60s than football players
Yes I guess football was not as popular back in the day
True. Do you know the highest score in a college football game
Yes that was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yes and that was way back in 1916

Yes. DId you know that ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes that was for the superimposed yellow line
Yeah it has made gamewatching easier for sure
Yeah true. Do you like Brady?
I love him he is so good. Did you know he was a backup QB in high school
yes and they never started him even when they were doing really bad in the field
Yeah their loss. DO you like ALex SMith?
Yes I do, he is good at school too, finished college in two years
Yes he took lots of ap tests in high school and planned ahead
Yeah smart kid. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yes Paul Hubbard who was deaf and did not want other to understand him
Yeah smart. It was nice chatting with you
Same here, take care
Hello there, do you follow the NFL at all?
Hello, I love the NFL. What about you?
Yeah I follow pretty closely during the season, I thought the Super Bowl wasn't nearly as exciting as last year though. 
This super bowl was so boring lol. Did you know Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink?
Yeah it was and I think I heard about that!  Too funny, I wonder who came up with that idea in the first place?
Not too sure lol. The 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.
That is pretty wild, I would have loved to been a bowler back then.  It also shows how much the NFL has grown since then. 
I agree. Bowling stars probably don't make much these days.
No, and definitely not much compared to the salaries that pro football players now make. 
Most definitely. The highest score ever in a football game was 222-0.
That is incredible!  I think I have read about that game, I think it was poor Cumberland on the losing side of that one. 
That would be one very boring game to watch. I would have given up if I was on Cumberland.
Yeah those fans too, I wonder how many of the Cumberland faithful were still there when it ended.
I bet no one was still around lol. Green-Ellis went his entire football career without fumbling the ball.
That is very impressive, I wonder how many total carries he had in his career?
I bet he had a lot because he was a starter. I remember watching him with the Bengals. I'm a Bengals fan. 
Yeah and if you have played for multiple teams chances are you have had your fair share. 
I bet. Did you know the NFL uses tracking chips in players pads?
I have heard that, crazy how much tech is in the game now, do you think it will be used to improve safety?
I hope so. They track ball speed, velocity, rotation, and location. Nice chatting with you!
Yeah same here, hope you have a good day!
I was so glad The Patriots won the Super Bowl! They're my team because I lived in New England for awhile. Did you watch the game?
Yes, it was good. the game started off slow until the fourth quarter.
Yeah it was a pretty low scoring game. And I thought the halftime show was just as boring. Are you a Maroon 5 fan?
No, I was sure who they were until I looked them up online, I think the lights and fire display help their performance.
I knew of them, but I didn't know of any of their songs. What I think is funny is that the University of Iowa's locker room for the visiting football team is painted pink! That's sort of petty!
I agree, I guess they painted it pink especially for visitors, in a way of speaking visiting teams are weak.
Yeah exactly. And it's crazy how much football players are paid today compared to the 1960s when professional bowlers were actually paid more than football players.
Yes that's  true, back in the 1960s the players weren't protective as they are today with padded helmets and so many penalty calls.
Yeah I bet they had a lot of injuries! Also it shocked me to hear the highest football scoring game was 222-0! Ouch!
Wow, I wonder what kind of football team they were playing and what about the coach, what did he had to say?
It was college football, but if that happened in the NFL, they would be heckled for running up the score for like rubbing it into their competitor's faces. I guess that didn't exist back then.
Yes you are right and maybe I am wrong, but I think the coach wouldn't have any excuse to remain coaching that team.
Yeah that could be it too. And I also didn't know ESPN won an emmy for being the first channel to use the artificial yellow line to marks where the first down line. That really helps to know where the teams actually have to go to get a first down.
I didn't know that either, never cross my mind, yes I can't imagine playing on a team without known where the first down marker.
Do you have a favorite football team or are you not interested in football?
I like football, i like college football better than pro football. my favorite team pittsburgh, what about you?
My favorite team is the Patriots. I really think Tom Brady will be one of the best QBs in the hall of fame. It's crazy that in high school he was a backup QB and never got a chance to play.
Forgot, you did tell me your team earlier, yes, people think that the Patriots won too many games Super Bowls, but not really, talent is talent, their sixth ring.
Yeah the most Super Bowl wins ever. I wonder if that title will ever be broken.
I don't think so, because the Patriots always had a smart coach, come from behind team and a calm quarterback.
Yeah Belichek is one of their secret weapons along with Tom Brady. They make a good team.
Do you follow football? my favorite position is the QB
I do follow football Im a Chiefs fan but I do like Tom Brady he is very talented
He is really talented, I am a fan of the Patriots so I definetely love him, 
Yeah the Patriots have had a lot of good players like Ellis. He never fumbled a football in his entire career with the NFL.
That's amazing. The level of skill that requires, I bet only a few players have accomplished that or maybe Ellis is the only one, sounds like a hard thing to do.
Yeah I bet it would be hard to do.. this last superbowl was kinda sad.. I mean the scores where just so low.. 
It was sad, I was happy because my team won but it was a boring Superbowl, hopefully next year we can watch a better show
Yeah hopefully I went to a Chiefs game this year it was exciting Mahomes is a great quarterback
I havent seen him play, how old is he?
He is 23 I think he is like the youngest player to ever get the MVP of the NFL
Sounds like the Chiefs have a QB for a while. He can be the next Brady. 
That's what I hope will happen. Before becoming the first overall pick in 2005 draft Alex Smith recieved his Bachelors degree in two years. Then he went on to get his masters. I couldn't imagine being a quarterback and doing that much school in that much time.
Sounds like he is not only a great QB but also a really smart person,  he received the degree in just 2 years and then his masters, thats incredible 
Yeah it is...Did you know that the huddle was started by a deaf quarterback Paul Hubbard.. He did it so the other team couldnt read his signals
He started a legacy, that is a sure thing, do you know who Baker Mayfield is?
No who is he
He is a QB not only talented in the game but also a master video game player, he almost left football to become a pro gamer
Well he can always do that when he retires from football 
I guess he can, he will have plenty of time and money to pursue that other dream, 
Most definately.. when tom brady was in highschool his coach never started him 
Thats ironic, considering Brady is like the best QB in the history of NFL lol
Good morning! How are you? I am sad football is over for the season. Are you a fan.
Good morning!  I am a fan and am sad as well.  I'm watching the new football league to make up for it.  It's not the nfc or afc conferences but it's still nfl.
I've not heard of that. I'm only familiar with the 32 NFL teams.
I think it's called the alliance of american football.  It started up after the superbowl back in February.
I'm surprised that I've not heard of it. I like that the NFL allows women to play as long as they can meet league requirements.
I think all of the games are shown on the nfl network.  I like that too.  Maybe someday there will be women on the teams.
I think it would be dangerous for women to play alongside men. I guess the NFL rules are more forward thinking that the rules the Saints have for their cheerleaders.
Perhaps but if a woman can meet the requirements then she would have had to prove herself strong and capable.  What kind of rules do the Saints have?
Yes, I guess that is a good point. Saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player.
Maybe they do that to prevent scandals in the news and such.  Keep the players focused on the game?
Maybe, but I think it's extreme to think that if a cheerleader is already at a restaurant and a player comes in she has to get up and leave, even mid-meal.
Well yeah, that is extreme.  They should change that to the last person to walk in has to leave regardless of whether they are a player or a cheerleader.
I agree. I can not believe how little actual live game play there is in an average game.
What do you mean?
I guess an average game only has something like 11 minutes of actual game play. 
Wow, that is a surprise.  I mean, a game lasts three hours and they only actually play for 11 minutes?
I know! An even more interesting fact is that an engineer over a lifetime earns more than an average NFL player.
That is interesting.  It really makes you think.  Especially when you realize all that goes into a game and player.  The NFL spends money to put tracking chips on the players to record their every movement.
Yes, I've heard they put tracking chips in the players shoulder pads. I bet it helps make strategic game plays.
i bet it does too.  Then there are chips inside the footballs to record it's movements too.  In a way, football is becoming very scientific.
Yes, I agree! It has been fun chatting today. Have a good day!
Are you a fan of the NFL?
Hey!  Yes I am a big NFL fan.  The Bears are my team!  
Nice, they are just one of the 32 teams. sorry but I am a vikings fan....
Haha, my wife is a Vikings fan so I cheer for them too.  It is crazy to love a sport so much that only has 11 minutes of actual gameplay! 
Nice good to hear that. That is so crazy to think only 11 minutes, I wonder what is the other 3 hours lol
A lot of filler and cheerleaders!  Fun fact I recently learned about cheerleaders, the Saints forbid their cheerleaders from eating in the same restaurant as any of their players.
That isn't too fun, it sounds kind of sexist, what do you think?
It is sexist for sure and wrong.  Interestingly enough, the NFL has no rule prohibiting female players!
I'm surprised!  I couldn't imagine that happening, but i did hear a female kicker may be the first soon
That would be cool.  I know some college teams have had female kickers.  Colorado is the biggest school to have I believe.
wow, I did not know that. My team is the Iowa Hawkeyes, they have a pink locker room for visitors
That is some subtle gamesmanship!  I actually went to Maryland.  Our recent coordinator hire, Matt Canada, had to take over the coaching duties last year.
Yea that was unfortunate on what happened with the player and coach being fired, sad to hear
Yes, a very sad story all around.  Canada was pretty good last season.  He set school records at Pitt for his offensive production.
Nice, I did not know that. I wonder if benjarvus green ellis played for him in college. He never fumbled once in his football career
That is a crazy stat!  It is amazing how far football has come.  At one point in the 1960s the top bowlers were making double the top football stars!
That is so crazy, now it pays to be an engineer though, they make more money in their lifetime than most players do
That is shocking!  I wonder if some players are actually really smart like Alex Smith.  He had so many AP credits, he was able to enroll in college as a high school junior!
That is crazy to think, and he became the first overall pick in 2005, smart man! Good chatting with you.
Nice chatting with you today too!
Have a great day!
hi, do you watch nfl?
Hey, yeah I do. 
did you now women can play too?
No, really? I thought it was just for men. 
nope, if you make the cut, you play
That's cool. I hope to see a woman in the nfl one day. Do you think it's true Saints cheerleaders can't eat at the same restaurant as nfl players?
yeah but i totally diasgre with that rule. they have to even leave if they are mid meal
I know! That is insane.
did you know they make less than engineers?
I wonder how much engineers make because nfl players make a lot. Oh, I seen where the nfl uses tracking chips in player's pad and the footballs!
yeah that is really nice becuase they can get lots of useful statistics from those now
Yeah, I didn't know that. It makes sense how the announcer are able to view the replays and stuff.
yeah for sure. did you know there are only 11 minutes of gameplay in a game?
Yeah, and everything else is commercials and replays. 
yeah exactly. you know what the highest score in football history is?
No, I'm not sure, what is it?
it is 222-0
That is insane! What teams?
georgia tech beat the cumberlands,yeah it is insane and boring I would assume
Very boring, a complete blow out.
for sure. nice chat
Hi. Are you a college football fan?
I like the nfl
Okay! Me, too. Which team(s) do you like best?
I like the patriots since they are like the lannisters of football
Definitely. Did you see this year's SB?
The opening was a bit slow
Sure, but the 4th quarter made up for it! What do you think of Tom Brady?
Despite his age, he is still an amazing player
Agree. Did you know that, when he played JV football, his team didn't win a game or even score a TD, yet his coach never put him, as backup QB, into a game! Think he's come a long way since those days?
Ya he was underappreciated and now he is considered the biggest steal in nfl history
For sure. Prob. the greatest QB, with 6 SB rings to date. Watching his throws is - a thing of beauty. Wonder why fb teams don't huddle much anymore?
Well the huddle initally were created by a deaf QB to prevent other players from seeing his hand signals
That makes sense. Does huddle take too much time?
Not really, but it is kind of like a group cheer too
I see. Am a Big Ten - Penn State - fan. Loved to watch Saquon Barkley, now a RB w/the NY Giants run. Think he just won Rookie of the Year. Have you seen him?
No, but curious to learn more
Watch 2018 season highlights on YouTube. Barkley is featured. Do you like Patriot's RB, Gronkowski?
I liked Green Ellis more
Okay. Know him, too. Great player! Brady has a lot of choices - really deep offensive line, don't you think?
Ya I mean the QB is the core of any offensive 
And its leader. Do you think, if they met elig. requirements, we'll ever see women on NFL teams?
Anyway, thanks for chatting and I hope you have a wonderful day.
You, too. Catch Saquon's magical athleticism if you have time! Cheers!
Hello, do you play or watch football? (american football)
Yea, it's funny how the Redskins were able to blow the NFC east lead after winning over Dallas earlier in the season
Haha, agreed. Did you know that Green-ellis has never fumbled a ball in his entire career?
That is pretty crazy, I remember Green-Ellis use to play for the Patriots, I don't think I've seen him fumble
Yep, imagine not fumbling a ball for your entire career. Must have been hard!
Yea, I wonder if the nfl was able to find out how he did it with the tracking chips they put into player's equipment
I wonder. They also put tracking chips in the football to track its velocity and rotations. Maybe that helps as well.
Possibly, it's amazing how much info they can get when the game only averages 11 minutes of live gameplay
Yeah. I wonder how people do not get bored while watching football.
I don't know, I wonder if that was why top bowlers made twice as much as football players in the 1960s
I wonder how they made so much. Engineers also make more than football players in their lifetimes.
I heard engineers make more than mlb players too, I guess paying attention in school pays off
Yep, although I am guessing that you have to be a veteran engineer to make that much.
I suppose so, I bet cumberland had a team full of engineers when they lost to Georgia tech 222-0
Well, that was back in 1916 but that still must have been a very embarrassing defeat.
Yea, tv wasn't even around back then but now we got yellow first down lines winning emmys
 Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL?
That's pretty crazy but not as crazy as deaf quarterback Paul D. Hubbard
I wonder how he even communicated strategy with his team then.
Hubbard invented the huddle just to do so using hand signals
And to make it so that the other team could not see his hand signals. Anyways, thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you!
You too, have a good one
Hi! Do you follow sports of any kind?
Not usually, but I do keep an eye on the NFL when it gets near the playoffs
So I take it you don't participate in sports gambling then? It's actually legal in any state that wants to pursue it according to a Supreme Court ruling, I had no idea!
I can understand that being a state level law though with how much money Nevada's government probably makes. The trends would be hard to predict though
Yeah, so far New Jersey, Delaware, West Virginia, and Mississippi have participated in it and legalized it and it's also open to NCAA as well as pro sports as well. Seems so risky though!
Definitely! I'd much rather watch the game for enjoyment than bet my money on anything. I went to a few high school games back in the day. Their fight song wasn't nearly as cool as the one Snoop Dogg would have written for his son's team
Yeah, I think I would feel so antsy and suffer from immense tachycardia if I were to place money on the outcome of a game. I wonder if players are paid "side money" to throw the ball a certain way or purposefully not catch it when there's sport betting involved.
Probably not, but there may not be a way to find out for sure. Quarterbacks typically make enough to not need side money. I guess it pays to be the leader of the offensive team if you make it to the NFL
Yeah that's true but may not be so true if it was still back in the 60s because top bowlers back then made twice as much as top football stars did! I don't even think bowling gets broadcasted anymore, does it?
It might if you have all the expensive ESPN channels. Football has become a big deal over the decades though, to the point that there's a stadium in Texas that seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build. The most shocking part is that it's a high school stadium
A high school stadium?! It really is true, everything sure is bigger in Texas, even stadiums! ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line that represents the first down for football, I didn't know they created that.
It sure is helpful in watching the games though. They spend $50,000 for the huge American flags at football stadiums. In addition, it takes a lot to lift all 1,100 of the flag
Yeah good point. I wonder when the athletes train at those nice stadiums whether or not their egos are affected. Who's job is it to lift those flags?
I'm not sure. I wonder if all the stadiums have them. Of the largest stadiums, 14 of 25 are for college teams
Oh ok, I didn't realize flags were that expensive! Wonder if they're locked up somewhere each day. I would think that even though the NFL has no written rule against female players, it would be difficult for females to meet the league's physical requirements in order to play.
It would be a risk to get tackled. The only professional football I see girls playing is association football, also known as soccer
Yeah! I think there might be a lot of controversy surrounding that if females had played but considering that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the lifetime earnings of an nfl player, it might not be worth the risk afterall
Engineering is another field that has a sparse number of women (pun intended). Have you ever heard of the quarterback Brad Johnson?
Lol, that's a great observation! No, I'm not familiar with Brad Johnson, what is he known for besides being a quarterback?
Not only did he win the Super Bowl, but he's also the only quarterback to throw a touchdown pass to himself
Oh wow! That's an amazing feat! I don't think even Tom Brady has one of those under his belt.
No, but he does have six Super Bowl rings. There's only one quarterback in the NFL who is left handed
What are the rings worth?! They seem a bit excessive but they did work hard to get those
Hi, do you like football?
Yeah.  I watched the last Superbowl.  I was surprised to see the Rams win, even with coach McVay.  The had a balanced offense and defense.
I heard McVay is the youngest coach in football. That is cool.
Yeah, he is wise beyond his years.  It's hard to find holes in his defense.
They have a lot of talent on that defense, albeit, troubled talent.
Yep.  All teams seem to have their share of off-field troubles.  The Rams defense has a great secondary.  Something I wish my Chiefs had.
But you have Mahomes... That seems like a good weapon!
Yeah, he's really young and really good.  I hope he can stay healthy.  The article I read recently was dated but it correctly picked the Rams as SUperbowl favorites.
Didn't the Pats win the super bowl?
Yes, that's right.  Doh! The Rams lost 3-13.  Back in 1932 the first NFL playoff game was on an 80-yd dirt field.  It's improved a bit since then...
Kinda... the raiders play on the baseball field. I feel bad for them, well, when they were in oakland.
I think they are moving across the bay to SFO this year.  Funny, Snoop Dog wrote his kid's team's fight song.  Did he leave out the expletives? 
How would you like to be his son. I was reading that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of play.
I played in HS and, although there was a lot of standing around, that seems too low.  
I get the redzone and i cannot watch a regular game any more because it is too slow. I would be bored watching just one game.
Do what I do. Record it and FF the hell out of it later.  Only two black QBs have won the Superbowl.  I say, so what?  
My remote FF by like 27 seconds and it needs to be 25 seconds. I can FF but miss the start of the play. I do that once in a while and rewind when I see something good happen.
Yeah.  I have direct TV and it works well.  It automatically backs up a little.  Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QA in the NFL?
I was just having a conversation with someone about that. I wonder if the rotation of a left-handed ball means anything. Do you know?
I don't but the number seems low.  MLB has many left-handed pitchers.  Did you know a QB actually passed a TD pass to himself?
I did not know that. It was nice chatting with you!
Hi, do you like football?
I do, I dont follow too closely though, you?
I love football. Did you know Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink?
I heard about that.  Personally, I think its a bit childish, but whatever works for them
I think so too. In the 1960's, the top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.
That is shocking, I wonder what the pay was back then?  I didnt realize bowling was ever that popular.
I never realized that either. Pretty amazing.
It really is, but not as amazing as Benjarvus Green-Ellis, who have never fumbled the football.
That's pretty amazing and hard to do as a running back.
Yeah, of course he was on the Patriots too
Of course lol. The highest score ever in a football game was 222-0.
WOW!  I cant believe one team could  score that many points!
I know. I bet that was a very boring game to watch!
Not if you were a GA tech fan.  lol
LOL - very true. Did you know an average NFL game is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay?
Yeah, that sees so little for the amount of time it takes to actually watch a game.
For sure. The NFL uses tracking chips embedded is shoulder pads.
I heard the ball has them too!  That is so cool!
Very cool. They track ball speed, location, velocity, and rotation.
I hope they can use that data to also improve player safety.
I hope so too. Well, it was good chatting with you!
I enjoy the NFL. How about yourself?
I love watching it!  I watch all 17 weeks during the regular season.
I agree. Did you know that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are actually higher than that of an NFL player?
I did not. But it makes sense.  There is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL - Kellan Moore.
I'm surprised there are not more but since you mentioned it I do not recall seeing a QB throw left handed. 
I can only remember Michael Vick being a left handed QB.  I'm sure there were some more at some point.
I forgot he was left handed. Did you hear about the sexist policy the Saints have towards their cheerleaders?
I didn't.  Tell me more about it?
They are forbidden from eating at the same establishments as players. If the cheerleader was there first and already eating and a player enters, they have to stop eating and leave. 
I wonder if we will see a female player any time soon.  There is no written rule against them playing in the NFL.
I had heard that. It would be difficult with a lot of positions because of the size of the players but I see no reason why we have not had a female kicker. 
I agree!  Did you know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
Wow! That seems like very little. I knew there were a lot more commercials and setting up and reviewing plays than gameplay but that is an extremely small amount of time. 
I know.  That's what I thought.  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB so that the other team couldn't see his hand signals?
I did not. I would think it would be very hard to be a deaf QB. You would not be able to hear play changes or calls in your helmet. 
hahaha right!  Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career.  I would never do that.
That seems like a bad idea in the middle of your career. If he stays good though he has a second career ahead of him and that's always a good idea.
I agree.  Are you familiar with the QB Alex Smith?
I am. I was sad to see him so severely injured.
I agree.  I think he will be back in time for next season.  I was suprised at how educated he is.  He took so many ap tests in high school it allowed him to enter college as a junior.  He then got his bachelor's degree in 2 years!
What a smart man. I'm glad to hear that because it means he can have a great career in other fields if he so chooses after football. 
Are you a fan of the NFL?
I am, the bears in particular. Are you?
I love the bears, doing big things! 
Yeah. I am fearful we are just resting on our laurels though. We didn't sign a big free agent. What do you think??
I think coming back from last year to this year, we will be solid. Do you follow college football at all?
I do. Do you?
I do also, I love the Iowa hawkeyes, have you heard about their locker room for opposing teams?
No, what's with it?
They painted it pink. Pink has a natural calming effect and relaxes you. I bet that is why they win some big games at home
They always beat my Illini. But that's not a difficult feat. I do like how they wave to the children's hospital.
yea, sorry about your Illini, maybe next year? I like the wave also. Talking about the NFL though, do you know there is no rule against having female players
I did not know that. Do you think they would be successful in the NFL?
Personally I don't think so, maybe a kicker would be a good start. Your thoughts?
I do not think the american public is ready to see them in a physical sport. I think kicking is a good start. 
that is a good point. It wouldn't be bad though, there is only like 11 minutes of actual gameplay they would need to watch
Yeah. I don't want to come accross as sexist so if it is something a female player wants and is ready for, Im all for it.
For sure I am with you. Speaking of sexist, did you hear the rule against saints cheerleaders?
No, what was it?
If they are at a restaurant and the players come, they need to leave. Interesting for sure. It was so nice chatting with a fellow bears fan!
Ditto. Have a great day!
Thanks enjoy your day also!
hi how are you today? do you like football?
Yes, I go to the games! Do you? What do you think of Baker Mayfield?
i have never been to a game. the tix are quite expensive. id love to go one day. what team do you like?
Patriots and the Bucanneers!  Did you know there is no rules that women can play football in the NFL?
i guess if they have the strength and speed. ive never seen a woman like that though.
I know Maybe a kicker would be okay!  What teams do you watch?
a kicker? maybe. can women kick as far a men? i try to watch the playoffs so whatever teams are in the playoffs are the ones i watch.
Oh I see, okay, Thinking only if she's a very strong girl! lol At least she wouldn't get hurt. Did you know there is only one left handed quarterback? Kellan Moore
that is an odd fact. i guess the lefties are unusual for a reason? does the offense have to shift for a lefty? 
I guess not, A deaf quarterback created the huddle, so they couldn't read his hand signals.
that is a clever way to keep plays secret. he was an innovator. 
Do you know who RB Bejarvus Green-Ellis is? 
No i dont. is he famous? rb = running back?
Hes is so talented he has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
that is a tremendous feat. he must be the only player like that! does he have giant hands or something? LOL he should get a bonus.
lol, right! Have you played Halo 3?
no i havent but i hear it is a challenging game. have you?
Very little, QB Baker Mayfield claims he can beat anyone at the University of Oklahoma.
he is probably quite good then. i have heard that you can make money at games now. anyway, great chat!
Yes, its been interesting.
Thanks! Have a great day! 
You too! Good chat!
Are you a fan of either the Redskins or Cowboys?
I am a fan of neither. Are you a fan?
I do like the cowboys and their running game will make things complicated for the Redskins
I guess that's a part of football that I will never understand. Why run the ball when you can throw it oh so very far?
Well throwing the ball can result in an interception and if you have great RB then its better to ran the ball, its a safer play 
I guess that is true, but what is the running person bobbles the ball? I've heard that bobbling is a big error in the football.
Yeah they can also fumble the ball, well if you have a RB like Benjarvus Green Ellis then that wont happen
I guess he has big hands then? Does he wear special gloves? He must be the best ball runner in the history of NFL?
He must or had a magnet for footballs in his hands, and I think his one of the best, I think his one of the few if not the only one to never fumble the ball
He is a miracle man. He must teach his secret technique to the others.
He must yeah, share his knowledge with others, do you like the ESPN network?
He could use the ESPN networks to share the knowledge! That is the greatest of ideas! He will be a hero to the many running men in the league!
He must be a role model to many RB out there, no doubt, and ESPN won an Emmy because of football
ESPN, is that the Spanish network? ESPaNol or something? I don't really speak spanish so I don't know them.
Not sure what it stands for, but its also popular in america, well they created the first down line 
I guess the lines are important to the game. I figure the running man with the big hands carrying the ball can benefit greatly from the Line of the First Down.
Yeah I share your point of view, did you know bowlers used to make more money than pro football players!!
I guess it is a way to a football career. Start as a bowler, make the money, then become the football player. The ball is heavy in bowling so the hands get big for become the running ball man!
Yeah I guess thats a good idea, maybe bowlers also have tracking chips like in football
The bowlers use the tracking chips to find their way to the ball? What are the tracking chips for? 
No, football is, to track the speed of the ball, rotation and other cool stats as well. 
Do you know much about football?
I know a little bit like how former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
That is amazing. Brady has totally changed the game for the Patriots. It is crazy the charges that have been made against Kraft the owner.
I agree.  How crazy is that?  ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow first down line on tv.
I always wondered how that happened on tv. It always got my attention.
Do you know what the highest score ever was for a football game?
Was it 222-0  Georgia Tech? That was a crazy game.
Correct!  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars!
Who even watches bowling? haha
lol The University of Iowa's visitors locker room is painted completely pink.
I heard that before. I think it would only be for the other team. It's kind of sexist saying they are girlie. HAHA
lol yes  There is no written rule that prevents a female from playing in the NFL.  lol  Maybe someday one will try to make it.
Maybe they were trying to attract females.  LOL.
lol  Why not?  The more the better I say.  An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Short time for the big bucks they make off of the fans.
It is amazing. Since it goes on and on and on when you watch it on tv. Sells a lot more beers that way.
lol  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player and an average MLB player.
Plus, you don't have the medical bills as an engineer.
True!  Didn't think of that.  Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career.  That would have been a crazy thing to do.
He should have become an engineer. He would have been very wealthy.
lol No doubt.  Do you have a favorite NFL team?
I guess the Buccaneers since they are from here. I really don't watch much football. It used to be only so I knew if there would be traffic when I went to work. My job was only blocks from the stadium.
Nice!  Mine is the Steelers.  Well it's been fun chatting!  Have a nice day!
Hi!
Hi there!  
I had to giggle about Junipero Serra High School, who refused to start their back up QB despite failure after failure. That QB was Tom Brady!

That's too funny.  Are you excited about Super Bowl weekend?  Not sure who to root for.  Was initially thinking the Seahawks might make it this year.
I root for the team who is not the Patriots, but they will probably win anyway. Although for a while I was pumped that the Colts were making a good drive. Andrew Luck had a career-high passes.
Ha!  I know what you mean.  (Did you read about that kid who did a science fair project that proved Tom Brady's a cheater?)   But yeah, Andrew Luck has a pretty good year considering his surgery.
I did read about the science fair kid! HA! Brilliant! Luck has a strong defense to help the team as well.
Marlon Mack, also coming back form injury did a lot to help the Colts out as well.  Man they had a good team this year.
It gives me hope for the future! Sure miss Peyton haha! I loved watching him. Although there is really only 11 minutes of live game play on the average game. Seems longer! ha!
Yeah, I read that.  It's pretty amazing that it's only 11 minutes.  But just taking a look at the Super Bowl, it does seem like more commercials than anything else.  Wonder what the first Super Bowl was like.  Think that was in 1966. 
The commercials are a show of their own! 
Yeah, but you know what I find interesting during the game.  Call me a geek but I like that superimposed yellow line representing the 1st down.
Yes! That's the one ESPN won an emmy for creating!
Heck yeah, they deserve an Emmy for that.  Keeps me interested and focused.  Guess ESPN and the NFL need to find ways to keep viewers.  All about the business/money I guess.  Gotta pay those athletes right?
It would be a riot if athletes didn't get paid. Although back in the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as even the biggest football stars. Hard to believe, ha!
Yeah, weird.  I had heard that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player.  Ha!  Guess I can tell that to my daughter.  Not that she'd play in the NFL.
Right! She could play if she wanted to though. She just has to meet the league's eligibility requirements! I'm not sure what those are, but it probably includes being 300 pounds and 6 foot 5.
Ha!  Yeah, that's not in our family genes.  She's more of a cheerleader type.  
Nothing wrong with that! Probably safer.
Someone told me though, New Orleans Saints cheerleader aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player.  
I think you are right. If an NFL player walks in, the cheerleaders have to leave!
hi, do you watch NFL?
Hi! Yes, did you watch the recent Superbowl game?
I did, the whole 11 minutes of gameplay
I think that's how long actual game play is! It was a very dull game in my opinion. I was ready for some action, like edge of seat tiebreaker but was a bit disappointed.
Yeah as were most people. did you know women can play too?
I think women can play, at least it's not against the NFL rules, but I have yet to think of any women who can meet the physical requirements for eligibility. Do you know how many pounds you have to be at least in order to play?
I have no idea maybe that is one of the reasons why they do not play
Yeah, it could be. The NFL's actually the highest professional level of American football in the world, I don't think I've ever heard of them drafting players from other countries like they do for other sports.
That is true. did you know about thet rule that applies to new orleans cheerleaders?
No, what's the rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
what?! there seems to be some gender disparity treatment with that rule. I think they should revisit that rule and change it, I wonder why that is, do you know?
I have no idea but the worst part is of the cheerleader is eatingn they have to get up and leave
That's a little overboard, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that there is something wrong with that rule. Speaking of rocket scientist, Matt Patricia who is a coach in the NFL was actually a rock scientist before he started coaching for the NFL!
that is soo cool. good for her. the university of iowa's locker room is pink. i wonder why though
To remind the players to be tough and play tough! I don't know, I'm just taking a wild guess since the NFL uses tracking chips to record the players every move on the field.
I have no idea. do you know who benjarvus  green-ellis is?
No who is that? That is an odd first name though, I wonder if his nickname is Ben or something because that is definitely not a common first name!
he is a former rb who never fumbled in his nfl career
Never fumbled? That is an amazing feat! That almost ties with the accomplishment of Brad Johnson who is the only quarterback in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself!
That is amazing indeed. Nice chatting with you.
do you like the NFL?
Yes I do. Did you know that women can play?
Yes there is no written rule that would prevent them from doing so

Yeah as long as they meet the requirements they are good to go

Yes. Did you know there are only 11 minutes  of gameplay in a game?
Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours watching one game
True. Engineers make more over the lifetime than football players

True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?
Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same places as the players
Yeah, and worst, they have to leave mid meal if the players walk in
Yeah I think it is sexist and it really needs to go
I agree. Do you like Brady?
I do. In high school he was a back up QB for his team
Yes and he was not started even when they were doing really bad
Yeah their loss Do you like Alex SMith?
Yes he is a great player and super smart, finished college in two years
Yes and started his masters before he was even picked in the draft
Yeah such a well rounded kid. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yes that was Paul Hubbard who did not want the other team to understand his signing
Yeah smart one. Nice chatting with you
Same here
hey there, do you watch nfl?
Yes, I'm a fan of the KC Chiefs.  Funny how these people pick odds...
did you know women can play too?
Yep.  It's just a matter of time before there is a woman playing like Brady.  
yeah, they have the right to play so it is a matter of making it to the team.
I think there has been a kicker?  Maybe they will like the U. of Iowa's pink locker room.
yeah I guess. And the game is short only 11 minutes of play time after all
I played in HS and there was a lot of down time.  We had circular huddles like the pros with a lot of wasted time. 
yeah so true. yet it takes forever for the game to finish
Things change, like in the 60s when bowlers made more that top football players.
that is true. did you hear about that rule for the new oorleans cheerleaders?
I remember something about that... They can't eat in the same place as the players I think.
yeah and even if they are eating and the player walks in they have to leave
That doesn't seem right. They are big and some are smart like Alex Smith.  Earned a BS in 2 years. 
I know he took so many ap tests. good for him
I studied engineering.  It's hard to believe that, over time, engineers make more than NFL players.
yeah I guess not all of them make a lot of money. did you know espn won an emmy once?
Didn't know that.  I do know I probably can't touch the money Brady makes.  He's the 3rd most valuable QB per ESPN's rating. 
yeah and yet his wife makes way mor ethan him modelling
Yeah and models don't have to do all the stats like who's going to win at a fashion show. 
True. it was nice chatting with you
hey there, do you watch football?
Hi!  I do watch football... I used to be a big St. Louis Rams fan, but since they moved to Los Angeles I am no longer a fan.  I still play fantasy football every year, which keeps me engaged with the rest of the league.  I also enjoy college football a lot too.  How about you?
Yes not as much but I do watch the games from time to time. do you have a favorite player?
My all-time favorite players were some of the Rams old players like Kurt Warner, MArshall Faulk, and Isaac Bruce.  Nowadays, I really enjoy watching Patrick Mahomes play.  He was my quarterback on my fantasy team so I saw many of his games and highlights.  He is incredibly exciting and it's nice to see new young talent injected into the league.  Aaron Rodgers is also very fun to watch, but unfortunately, I think his best may be behind him.  How about you?  Any favorite teams or players?
I do not have any favorites per say since I am not a regular fan but I was reading that women can also play if they can qualify
Absolutely!  There are no rules that prevent women from being in the NFL.  Do you think a woman will ever play in the NFL?
I do not know we just might have to wait and see if any of them try to make the cut
I think the first time we see a woman play in the NFL will be as a kicker.  Kickers don't have to tackle and take hits like the rest of football players do.  However, I could see a very strong woman actually attempt to play a different position.
Yeah me too, why not, there are very tough women out there. Have you heard about the new orleans cheerleaders and that strange rule?
I feel like I've heard about it, but I can't remember the details... can you give me the rundown?
yeah, they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant with the players
That's really weird... what is the reasoning behind this?  I will admit, the NFL is an extremely poor run "organization."  Lots of corruption, dishonesty, and unethical behavior.  Teams, such as the New Orleans Saints are also pretty unethical.
I really have no idea. And the worst is, if the players walk in and they cheerleaders are eating, they have to leave
That is very degrading to the cheerleaders.   It's not like there are safety concerns or anything... They're in a public place.  I can understand they not wanting the players and cheerleaders alone together, but it seems like there is a very small chance of something bad happening.  Seems like the players just have a superiority complex.
Yeah for sure. Do you know how mych game play time there is in a game of football
If I remember correctly, each quarter is 15 minutes long and there are 4 quarters to a game.  Did you watch any of the Super Bowl last week?
Yeah and apparently out of all that, there is only 11 minutes of active game play
Yeah, it's pretty pathetic, haha.  There is a couple seconds of action and then several minutes of standing around.  It can still be very exciting at times though; much more than some other sports.  Baseball is pretty bad with a lack of action and lots of standing around.
Yes, very true. Did you know nfl players make less money than engineers?
Good, they don't deserve to make as much as engineers.  Engineers actually do something productive for society.  NFL players play a game and then generally don't contribute much to society.  
That is true. Nice chatting with you.
Do you watch the NFL? 
I do sometimes. How about you?
Every week I try to watch. Did you know that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay? 
I know and that seems crazy knowing how long a game actually is.
Yeah, it seems like they mostly stand around, but that might just be me. 
Another crazy thing is the Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating  in a restaurant with any nfl player. If they are already eating and players walk in they have to leave. That must be an old time rule.
It isn't that out of the ordinary of a policy, the redskins have the same one. 
I don't know it just doesn't seem fair, but what is cool is that there is no law prohibiting a woman from playing in the NFL if she meets requirements.
Yeah, there were players in high school. I wonder how people would react though if one got injured very badly. 
And I am left handed and I find it pretty cool that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.
Yeah, that surprised me that there is only one left handed qb in the NFL. 
Hey it makes him unique and makes him stand out
Yeah, I wonder if it is due to the offense having to adjust. 
Some football stuff I find funny, like the university of Iowa's visiting locker room being pink. They must hate being in there
Yeah, some it is funny. I think they do that to intimidate the opposing team.
They probably do. And did you know that Benjarvus green ellis never fumbled a ball in his NFL career. That is awesome.
WOW! No I didn't. He must have glue for hands!
He must be hated by the opposing team for sure.
I'm sure they've taken note of him. Did you know that in the 60s bowlers made more than NFL players? 
That seems crazy but you don't see a lot of bowling anymore. Did you know the highest score in a football game was 222-0. How is that even possible.
No, that is shocking! Well nice chatting with you? 
Hey do you like the Redskins? Apparently they are looking to increase their defense because that is lacking right now
Hi! I do like the Redsksins and you're right! They do have a huge hole on the defensive line and sadly, their run defense ranked 32 in the league back in 2017 which is embarrassing.
Yes that is embarrassing. How often do you watch the NFL by the way? Apparently their season runs for about 17 weeks which I didn't know
It does from the beginning of September all the way to late December and then the playoffs begin after that! I try to watch it all. How about you?
I watch it sometimes. I'm very interested though in the Super Bowl mostly, and also do you think that we will ever see a female player in the NFL?
Who knows honestly? Perhaps one day we will. After all, the league has come a long way since the first playoff game that was played on an 80 yard long dirt field inside of Chicago Stadium back in 1932!
That's crazy that's how they started! I think we could see if you know player, I also wish we could see games that have more than only 11 minutes of Live gameplay
Is that how long they last? The games do seem to fly by, sadly. But I guess with the tracking chips they stick in the players' shoulder pads to record their every moves, it's really less to record, I suppose!
Yes those chips are interesting, they can actually track things like player speed and location, do you think they put tracking chips on the New Orleans cheerleaders?
Ha! I honestly don't know! So do you like football in general? Like high school football as well? There's a stadium in Allen, Texas that actually seats 18k and cost $60 million to construct... And it's a high school stadium. Can you believe that?
I know that seems weird to me, I don't know why a high school football team needs such an expensive Stadium, do you know any Engineers by the way? On average they will make more their lifetime than an NFL player
That's surprising really! I guess it's due to engineers having longer careers, maybe. But I do know the highest paid over all US Department of Defense employees are football coaches of three service branch teams!
Yes those coaches make a lot of money! What do you think about the team that painted their opposing team's locker room paint? You think that helped them out in the game
Maybe so? Ha! I also wonder if those massive US flags hanging at football stadiums that weighs over 1,100 pounds and costs $50k to make are a help as well!
Yeah those seem huge! also huge is the difference between what professional bowlers make now and what professional football players make now, and that used to be reversed in the 60's where the bowlers would make twice as much as a football player
That is sad. I wonder why that was? I guess today, football is a more popular sport than bowling since 14 of the world's 25 biggest stadiums are all football stadiums in the US!
Yes I think it depends on how good the players are, in terms of how popular it is, for instance I really like the Patriots and they have a running back who has never fumbled the ball before, that's amazing
Really? That's almost as unbelievable as hearing Kellan Moore is the only quarterback who's left handed in the league!
That is unbelievable! I wonder if it gives him an advantage or not, I also love Baker Mayfield, he was almost a professional video game player kind of like me haha
Wow! Ha! I'm sure he made the right choice, at least in terms of money for now! Speaking of quarterbacks, did you know Brad Johnson is the only QB in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself? That is amazing!
It is amazing I need to see a video! I also want to see a video of the deaf quarterback who invented the Huddle, that's genius
I love football and the Redskins are ranked fourth in the NFL total rushing yards. Wow!!
I had no idea. WEre they that good?
Yes, it seems like they are having a pretty good start. The mobility of Alex Smith, the Redskins quarterback, along with the play calls and schemes of Coach Gruden the team looks good.
They have graded poorly in run-blocking. Will that hurt them?
Well, that is a good point so I don't know. Adrian Peterson has been a huge playmaker for them.  
Alex smith has 48 rushing yards. Is he a good running back?
Alex Smith is the quarterback for the Redskins. He is a great player and can throw some bombs but then at other times be sort of a let down. 
Is that because of the runn pass option? Seems like they should do that more?
Yes, he needs to use his legs more but as he gets older he doesn't run as much. He has more than 10% of the team's total rushing, like a runner. HA!
It sounds like Smith ran with Kansas City last year too. Why did he switch teams?
Ya never really know the truth about why people switch teams but comes down to performance I would guess. Washington has deployed a read-option look with Smith 16 times this season so he is a good fit for this team. 
Is he the same Alex Smith that took a ton of AP classes and started college as a Junior?
Yep, that's him! He is a brilliant guy who was working on his masters degree when he was the first overall draft pick in 2005. Do you remember what school Baker Mayfield was from?
I do not. Who is he?
He was the first round draft pick last year. Oh, he is from Oklahoma State University. He is the Brown's quarterback. 
It says that he wanted to be a gamer. Is that football thing working out for him?
I remember hearing that about him from different websites and bloggers. Who would have thought it, ha. He has brought life to the NFL team the Browns. They were horrible before him.
Were they good this year then? How many games did they win?
Oh man, I am not sure actually. But i do know that an average of 11 mins of live play in every game, is all that we have!
Is Kellen Moore any good? He is the only left handed QB
Well, we will see? That will be fun to watch and find out. See ya.
Hi how are you?
Im great do you like football?
Yes I do! do you?
I do as well my favorite team is in the AFC, what about yours?
I am a Steeler fan, whats your team?
I like the Patriots, I guess we are tied in Superbowl winds as of a Sunday ago.
Boo! haha did you know theres no written rules against females in the nfl?
I didnt know about that, I guess its logical not to let them play, men tend to be a lot stronger and it wouldnt be fair
Only thing I can see is if some beast soccer player wants to try out for a kicker position.
Yeah that would be different and would be a great fit for the team for sure, I think football is a great sport 32 teams, 16 in each division and each of them with great players
Did you know there is only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay per game?
I didnt, that doesnt seem like a lot, I guess ads take over the screem, whats your favorite position?
Probably running back. I never played football, I was mostly into soccer. whats your favorite position?
I like the QB position, Im guessing you know who Tom Brady is?
Yea I obviously hate him, but unfortunately I cant doubt he is the best. Funny that he never started on his high school team.
It is funny I guess the coach never knew what he had on the bench until years later when he saw him play.
He probably felt like an idiot.
Yea I agree its not common to have a hall of famer in your team and never use him, he did lose almost everygame that season
Thats too funny. Did you know there is only one left handed quarterback in the nfl?
Really? Only one? whats his name?
His name is Kellan Moore!
Oh Kellan Moore, he is a great player, imagine being a football player and loosing by 222 points? well that happened back in 1916 poor Cumberland
They must have fallen asleep or something.
I  agree, something was up in that game, football is a game with a lot of interesting facts and stats, you know ESPN won an emmy because of football
I did not know that. They deserve it!
I think they did, the yellow line has changed football forever, it sounds like something simple but its has change things for sure
Seriously! It was nice chatting with you if this ends ever!
Its been nice chatting as well
Have a great day!
You too bye, and good luck to the Steelers this season
Hey, I just found out some interesting things about football
I am interested to hear what you have learned about football. Did you also learn about football positions such as the quarterback?
I did, they are the leader of the team and they line up behind the offensive line.
That's true! You can also call them "QB" for short.
Did you know the reason they huddle was because there was a deaf quarterback and he didn't want them to read his hand signals. 
That is an interesting story! I had not considered that deaf players could be so influential on the game. Did you know that female players are also allowed in the NFL?
No, that is very surprising! But, I do know the use tracking chips in the shoulder pads to record the players.
That is very high-tech! Especially given how little actual movement and gameplay occurs in a game of American football. I heard an average game only has 11 minutes of actual action occurring. 
Wow, 11 minutes of action that's not much. I did learn the locker room for the visiting football teams at University of Iowa in PINK. 
What a curious decor decision. If you think that's odd, did you know the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same place as the players, and have to leave if a player comes in?
You are kidding me? I would be so pissed, I wonder if they would have to stop eating and just go. There is only one left handed quarterback in the nfl do you know how it is?
Yeah, it's Kellan Moore, right?
You got it. What is the name of the guy that wanted to quit football to play video games?
I don't think I know that one. Was it Alex Smith? He seems like a nerdy sort based on all his education.
No, I remember now it he was from Oklahoma Baker Mayfield. He that he was the halo 3 king.
Thanks for letting me know. I've always thought it's interesting that there are several sports called "football."
I know right? Soccer, rugby and Gaelic. 
And most of them are all called just "football" in some parts of the world. I would be very confused in Australia if someone asked me to join a game.
Funny! So, do you think it is true that the lifetime money earned by and engineer is higher the and nlf player?
That surprises me given how much players make today. But did you know back in the 1960s football players only made as much as pro bowlers?
No, I didn't that is so hard to imagine!
It would be interesting to compare what top players in different types of football earn
Hi are you a football fan?
Yes I do. Did you know that women can play in the NFL too?
I see that.  The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink.  Wonder why?
Yes me too probably it is supposed to have some effect on the other team
In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of the day.
Yes I guess football was not that popular of a sport as bowling was back then 
You're right.  Do you know what the highest score ever was for a football game?
Yes that was 222-0, quite the game and do you know who was playing?
Whoa!  Who was playing in that game?
It was Georgia Tech that beat Cumberland in 1916

What a blowout!  ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line that we now see on tv.
Yes to be honest it has made game watching much easier now
I agree!  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career.  Impressive.
that sure is. Alex SMith also finished college in two years, and is a great player
That's impressive!  Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue a full time competitive gaming career.  Crazy if you ask me. lol
I know right? He still claims that he is great at Halo 3 and can beat anyone at U of Oklahoma
Nice!  An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Kind of short for a game they stretch out to 3 hours. lol
yes it certainly feels like forever. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
Was it a deaf QB named Paul Hubbard?  It's been good chatting
Same here, have a good one
Have a great day!
Hello, the U of IA visiting football team's locker room is pink. Talk about getting in their heads from the start.
That seems like a lot of work for such a prank. Do you enjoy football?
I prefer high school football. I think it's silly that pro NFL players have tracking chips in their shoulder pads.
I heard they were in the footballs too. I wonder why they don't use those for calls instead of just relying on reviews when they have that data?
One would think. How would you feel about a female player, as there isn't a rule against it?
I'm for it. Many positions would probably be difficult because of the size of the players but I see no reason you could not have a female kicker. 
Many high schools have female kickers, many of them are soccer players. I think the Saints rule of making the cheerleaders leave, if a player comes into the restaurant is archaic.
I heard about that. Even if they were there first and already eating they have to get up and leave if a player enters. I find it sexist and disgusting frankly. 
They really have a long way to come, before I would ever consider supporting them. It's interesting that in the 60's pro bowlers made more than football players.
Really?! That's surprising. We are a long way from that. I don't even see bowling on TV anymore. 
I don't think there are any bowling alleys in my area. I know I haven't seen one for a very long time. It must have been a slow/bad year, if ESPN won an Emmy for that superimposed yellow line.
That was a great invention. Can you imagine watching a game on TV without that line?
Actually, I can. LOL, I don't watch games on t.v. I think it's amazing that the hand signals were created by a deaf quarterback. That was brilliant.
I would think that being a deaf QB would be very difficult. You couldn't hear play calls or changes in your helmet and you would think you would be more likely to take sacks. 
His other senses would more than compensate for it though. I think it would be interesting. Also, how weird is it, that there is only one lefty quarterback?
Really? You would think there would be more but when I think about it I don't recall seeing a QB throw with their left hand. 
As a lefty myself, that surprised me. Is it true that nfl games only have 11 minutes of gameplay?
That seems like a shockingly low amount. I know there is a lot of time spent on commercials, penalties, reviews, and setting up plays but that's very little time. 
It sure is. Baker Mayfield actually wanted to be a pro gamer, and almost stopped playing football. That's crazy.
Luckily if he's still good after he can start a second career. Did you know that an engineer has larger lifetime earnings than an NFL or MLB player?
He is good at Halo 3, lol. Thank you for chatting with me, have a wonderful evening.
Hello! So do like football?
I do, I'm a big Bills fan. 
I don't follow the NFL much but yeah, I like the Bills. Was reading that Josh Allen 
Their quarterback situation has always made me mad, but they've done good with Josh Allen in his rooking season. 
That's what I hear, it was looking like the Bill's was considered the worst team of the season. Not sure how that all worked out though, if it changed.
They weren't the worst with their 6-10 record. They ended up 3rd in their conference behind the Patriots and Dolphins. If they can make some moves this offseason to get some linemen to protect him and a receiver or two they'll be doing really good. 
Oh, that's great! Hopefully they can get everything set right. Well I have heard Allen is very talented but by drafting Allen was a risk. Sounds like they didn't do too bad at all.
Yeah it was a risk, they had already picked up a quarterback in the last draft and alot of fans were perturbed about it. I really wanted them to stick with Tyrod Taylor, who got them into the playoffs the year before, but they traded him to the Cleveland Browns. 
Oh, that sucks. my guess is they will get their act together and get back to normal. So do you play football?
I did in high school, but now only on Playstation.
Oh, that's cool. Never been a football player type. I love Basketball though. But I am female so not very smart to play football lol, although I heard the NFL has no problem with women playing as long as they meet requirements.
I wonder why no women have tried to play in the NFL. With the way some teams treat their cheerleaders I can see why they wouldn't want to.
Exactly, I definitely wouldn't want to be a cheerleader for the Saints....can't even eat in the same restaurant as the team.
That is so unfair. Even if they're already dining in the restaurant and a NFL player comes in they are required to leave. I wonder why?
I think it is ridiculous lol, and I can't think of a reason for that. They probably want to talk shop and don't want anyone to hear them, not sure. 
I'm going to have to research this. I'm intrigued. I mean the players on play on average for 11 minutes, I'm sure the cheerleaders are more active than that. They should be held at higher regard. 
I agree! I was thinking of researching this rule too. That's not right and makes me wonder if that is the only team that does it....or all of them. 
Apparently it's league wide with ridiculous rules. That's horrible. Did you know that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player?
Seriously? Wow, never thought that could even be possible for anyone to make more money than an NFL player! I did hear that in the 60's bowlers made twice the money as top football players, that's nuts
I'm guessing the average NFL player isn't in the league that long and most engineers don't retire until they're in their 60s. 
True! The engineers work a lot of years so I can see that. But I thought football stars made millions?
They do, the average pay is like $1.7M and the average length of career is around 3 years. I think Engineers on average are around $100,000-150,000 so I guess they can catch up once the NFL player is out of the league. 
Wow, that's a lot of money. I bet being a QB makes more money I would think. Well enjoy your Football on your playstation! It has been a great chat!
I've enjoyed it too, I hope you have a great evening!
Hi there. Are you a fan of the NFL?
Yea, it's crazy how the redskins games had no lead changes
I'm not really a Redskins fan. I'm more into the Cowboys, myself.
I'm a Giants fan but follow the division rivals anyway. We suck though, the giants haven't won a game in 2017 that they trailed in
Did you know the NFL technically has no rule against a woman player? I'm surprised there hasn't been one yet.
I never knew that, I did know Kellan Moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl though
Or that Tom Brady's highschool JV team failed to ever score a touchdown, but never tried starting him since he was the backup.
That's pretty appalling. Did you know Tom Brady's old defensive coordinator Matt Patricia was an actual rocket scientist?
I did know that. He went to a pretty weird college, too, right?
Yea, some college called RPI who are obsessed with pi
It's funny he chose to start coaching, though coaching it pretty lucrative. It's more lucrative to become an engineer, though.
Maybe as a player but coaches make a lot, the highest paid DoD employees are the football coaches
I'm sure engineers still do better, I would imagine their careers last longer than a coach. Did you know that top bowlers back in the 60s made twice as much as the top football players?
No, I had no idea but Football has grown in popularity since then, the 14 largest stadiums in the world are for college football
Ugh, college football. Everyone is obsessed with it. Did you know the University of Iowa painted their visitor team locker room pink?
Lol yea. High School football gets too much attention too, in Allen Texas they spent 60 million to build a high school stadium
That's a little aggressive! Who needs that nice of a stadium in high school? It can't possibly raise that much in return, can it?
People in Texas are pretty crazy about High School football. So is Snoop Dogg, he wrote a fight song for his son's team
Yeah, people in Texas are super crazy for football. Friday Nights Lights is based on a real culture!
Football and Flags, the US flags at games weigh 1,100 lbs!
And I think I remember them costing something like $50k! Anyway, it's been a good chat! Enjoy your day!
How's it going, do you follow Football? Did you know the QB usually touches the ball on almost every offensive play?
Did not know that. Did you know Brady was a back up QB in high school?
Yea at Junipero Serra High School. It's pretty mindblowing his JV coach never started him despite the team never even scoring a touchdown
Yeah, their loss I guess. Did you know Alex SMith wrapped up college in two years?
Yea, Smith was a pretty smart student, able to start college as a junior from all the AP tests he passed
Yes and then got started on his masters before he was picked on the 2005 draft
Smith sounds a lot smarter than Baker Mayfield. Mayfield considered giving up millions playing football to be a competitive gamer
Yes he claims that he is super good at Halo 3 and can beat anyone at U of Oklahoma to it
Maybe left hander Kellan Moore could beat Mayfield at some Halo 3
Could be, you never know. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yea, Paul D Hubbard in order to prevent opposing teams from stealing his hand signals
Yeah and he was deaf himself so that was genius on his behalf
That's pretty impressive, I wonder if the NFL will ever have female players since there is no rule preventing it
I wonder too. I do not think I have heard of anyone trying for it at least.
I've heard of female players at the high school level, but none that played college or in the NFL
Yeah. Did you know that there are only 11 minutes of active game play during a game?
No but that might help explain why an Engineer makes more on average than an NFL player in their respective lifetimes 
Good point. What do you think of that rule where Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same place as the players?
Sounds pretty antiquated and sexist, I have no idea why the Saints still enforce that rule
I agree completely with you there. On a different note, they are using tracking chips on the players during games now
That's pretty cool. Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
I do, I love football, what about you?
Yeah me too. Did you know women can also play if they meet the requirements?
I didnt, it does seem unfair, football is a game of strengh and men tend to be stronger.
Yeah I guess. But maybe everyone can last in a game with only 11 minutes of play time
That fact is a bit odd, only 11 minutes of gameplay? thats not much, noth much at all
Yeah I know, pretty short. Did you know engineers make more than football layers over their lifetime?
I didnt know that but it does make sense, engineers work for a long time football players have short careers.
Yeah that is true. Did you hear about that rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders
I did, that rule is so unfair and sexist, I hate it, the Saints should change that immediately, 
I agree there completely. The worst part of it is that they have to leave mid meal if the players walk in.
That is the worst part, did you hear about the tracking chips footballs have,?
Yeah I hope they can use that data like velocity and rotation to make the game a little safer too
That would be a great use of the data, football can be a risky game full with injuries, a lot of the players end up with brain damage
Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
I didnt, why did ESPN win an Emmy award? I though Emmys were only for the music business I guess I was mistaken
I thought so too, but they won it for the superimposed yellow line.
I guess that was a really important contribution to the game not sure if it deserved an Emmy though, 
Yeah not sure either. DO you know what the highest score in football is?
No maybe 80 to 7? or 120 to 3? I have no idea, Im just guessing here,
It was actually 222-0. I was mind blown, good for Georgia Tech
Do you watch much football?
I catch it when I can, mainly into college ball.  How about you?
I watch a little of pro ball but not a ton. College ball always seemed way more intense to me. 
It does, I think it is because you are playing solely for pride.
So true. Plus they can get away with fun stuff like silly pranks and not have the media in their face or huge fines. 
Like painting a locker room pink.  lol
Only in Iowa I swear. Speaking of college rivalries that one between their two college teams is crazy intense. 
Really?  I guess you would have to be near it to know.  here in Florida UF and FSU can get pretty heated.
That is the gators and the seminoles right?
Yeah.  I went to FSU so I am a bit invested, but honestly dont care too much.
I'm hoping that the NFL shares some of the chip tech with college teams so we can get more data about hits and ball spin. I really like the math and science side of it.
It is fascinating indeed  I think it could be used to prevent injury too and develop better safety equipment.
It would be great if they could use that data to make helmets better to avoid concussion injuries. 
I think they have started some work on things like that with the placement of the inner padding.
Now if we can also get rid of the horrible attitudes towards cheerleaders on some teams it would be golden. 
That would be great!  I cant blame females for not running at the chance to play in the NFL with they way the treat the cheerleaders.
I can't even imagine trying out. Technically they could but I bet the coaches would make it hard as possible for them to make it. 
Very true, the requirements might be prohibitive themselves.  
At least they aren't throwing them out because some male players show up. Those poor new orleans cheerleaders. I can't imagine putting up with that. 
I wonder if it is like that all around the league?
It seems like it depends on the team. I'm sure that there is probably a reason for it but it seems super sexist. Especially in this day and age. 
For real.  I dont know what could have happened to spur a rule like that.
Who knows. Probably some scandal between a QB and a cheerleader. It always seems to be the QB in trouble. 
It does, but then there are some like Alex Smith who just lead the charge and stick around to get a masters.
I think it is amazing when they stay in college instead of just depending on a pro career. Shows really forward thinking and plan for when football is no longer an option. 
It does, so many players go broke 5 years after they retire, something like 60%
Wow that seems crazy to me because you think they make all this money but it is only for those few years so most jobs actually bring in more. 
Like being an engineer you will make more in a lifetime, you have to work longer, but you make a lot more overall.
Makes sense to get that degree then. Well it has been nice talking to you. Have a good evening. 
Hey what do you think about DJ Moore? How good do you think he is?
I haven't seen or heard too much about him.  Hes up with Washington right?
Yes he is, he is a wide receiver. And he normally works well with the quarterback Kyle lauletta, they play at the Cole Field House by the way
Wow.  I think it is great that there are a bunch of good up and coming players.
Yes I agree, they definitely got a good draft last year, what do you think about the NFL in general by the way, how often do you watch it
I dont watch too much, there is only 11 minutes of live action.  I dont have time to spend 3 hours watching a game for 11 minutes.
Nope I agree. That's why I don't like sports because I think that they are really boring personally. On the other hand though, what do you think about females playing for the NFL
They dont treat cheerleaders well, so I dont imagine that they would treat female players well either.
No I agree with you. I think it's really dumb how a female cheerleader would have to leave restaurant if a male player walked inside, that seems very dated
It really does, I wonder why that rule exists, or if it is even enforeced.
I think it is enforced unfortunately, do you know any Engineers by the way? Apparently an engineer will make more over their lifetime then a professional NFL or NBA player which is incredible to me
I know few.  None that are paid that highly, but it is cool that engineers have that earning potential.
yup thats cool! what do you think about the team that painted their locker room pink ?
I think it is a bit childish and in a way toxic.
Yes I agree. I wonder if they did better or worse after they painted it that color? What do you think about the Patriots player who's never fumbled the ball? He sounds amazing
It is leaders like him and Brady that really make that team what it is.  I doubt anyone else will ever be able to do that.
Yep it takes a special person to be that good. It also takes a special team to set a record for the most points scored in a football game LOL did you hear about that game
Yeah, it is hard to believe.  How can you even score that many 222, that explains why the other team had 0
Yep they must have been so good, Georgia Tech was definitely on their game that day
Cumberland must have forgotten to get off the bus.. lol
Yep that's certainly possible! Or they should have used the one player from the Patriots who's never fumbled the ball, he would have definitely helped Cumberland to do better that day
Football seems to just be increasing in popularity in the US. Do you follow much of the games?
I do, I just watched the Superbowl on sunday and like the game, do you like it?
I don't follow it too much. I am more of hockey fan. Is there a lot of teams in the NFL?
Yeah there are 32 teams in the NFL and there are two divisions as well, 16 in each
It doesn't seem like there is a lot of actual game play when you watch a football game. There seems to be a lot of talking and standing around then a few minutes of intense play. 
Yeah there is a stat that says that a game has only about 11 minutes of gameplay I guess the rest is just ads or time wasting.
It seems like they play a lot of ads. I wonder how much of that money goes to the teams and then the players. They seem to have quite the high salaries if you look at their lifestyles. 
Im not sure as most players end up backrupt of with financial problems, you know the NFL uses chips to track players movements and to get interesting stats of the game.
LIke they put chips in the uniforms? That is really neat. It would be cool to have a camera in the helmets to see the gameplay from the perspective of the players. 
Yeah they put chips under the shoulderpads of players and it would be cool, that is a great idea, the football also has a chip
That's awesome. I wonder if they ever include that info in the sports broadcasts that they do during and after the games. 
I guess its a possibility, theres a lot of money in football, and the game has evolved since the first playoff game back in 1932
The halftime shows and all the cheerleading certainly has. It is almost like a concert when you go to a professional game now. 
I agree, those have become really popular as well and move a lot of money, stadiums tend to be really expensive.
I heard that it raises the taxes exorbitantly when they build a new stadium. I wonder if any of the ad money for those sponsers goes to the community or just to line the pockets of the owners. 
I can imagine, in Texas there is a stadium that costed 60 million dollars, that sure is a lot of money! and in American we have 14 of the 25 biggest stadiums in the world.
Wow that is crazy to me for a sport that has such a short season. Especially one that is played during the most volatile weather seasons. Don't some states have outdoor stadiums?
Yeah some states do, but Im guessing the construction is still heavy, flags at football stadiums are also really expensive like 50000 each
Wow that seems really excessive for just a flag. I get that it has to stand up to the elements but good grief! No wonder things are so expensive when you go to a game. 
Yeah I guess that makes a lot of sense now, they also weight like 1100 pounds so not only are they expensive but they are really heavy as well, probably a good thing since it cant get stolen that easily
I can't imagine wanting to steal one of those but I'm sure there are people out there that would think it is funny. 
Do you watch football?
I used to, I dont watch the NFL anymore after all of the kneeling and protesting
Nice, did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB? 
yeah, hard to believe Kellan Moore is the only lefty. 
I don't follow him that closely. 
Did you know that the NFL has no written rule against female players?
Yeah, I can believe it. 
NFL using tracking chips to track ball velocity and rotation. 
Interesting. I've never thought of something like that. 
how about the rule that tells new orleans saints cheerleaders they are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as players. if a player comes in, they have to leave.
I think all the clubs have something like that though. The redskins do too. 
I don't know that I would listen to that rule if I was dealing with it.
Yeah. I wouldn't listen to the rule. None of the Redskins did either. 
If the average NFL game only has on average 11 minutes of live gameplay? Why does it take all of Sunday afternoon to watch a couple of games?
They stand around and make play calls. 
Which NFL team do you follow? I used to follow the Broncos and the Bucs
The redskins. 
are there still people trying to get them to change their name?
Probably, every year they do that. Never ends. I remember Chris Cooley married a cheerleader and they made a big stink about it. That's why I say all teams have this rule. 
yeah they wont be happy until that name is gone. 
It won't ever change. Nobody in DC will let that happen. Nice chatting with you. 
Sam Darnold's professional football career got off to a great start against Detroit.  2 TD passes in a 48-17 win.
Do you remember Sam Darnold well? 
Yes, this is his first season in professional football, and he plays with the NY Jets.
what position did he played?
Darnold plays quarterback.  His first pass was intercepted for a touchdown.  After that, he played great.
He was the youngest to start the season, what was his age?
He is only 21 years old, that's the youngest QB to start a season opener since the AFL-NFL merger.
Did he retire or what happened, I heard of him but don't remember him. 
No, 2018 is his first year.  If he is successful, he could play well into the 2030's.
Oh wow, I am a NFL fan and didn't know that.
On the first week of the season, Tampa quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick also had a fantastic game.
If you had to chose, which of the two would you say better quarterback?
Fitzpatrick is better today.  We will have to see how much Darnold improves.  A good start doesn't always mean a long, successful career.
That true, If you was a coach, and your team about to enter the superbowl, would you pick Darnold's as your starting quarterback?
Some QB's who had good starts have done well (Newton, Palmer, Wentz).  Others have been busts (Griffin, Ramsey, Weinke).
Yes, you are right. Did he play for the Jets in 2018?
Yes, Darnold played for the NY Jets.
Did you like the Jets before they got eliminated from the playoff?
The Jets did play poorly this year.  Here's an odd fact about another NFL rookie QB.  Baker Mayfield once considered pursuing professional e-gaming as a career.
Yes, most of their games were close. I thought that they would have made the playoff, I don't know what went wrong.
The Jets simply weren't a good football team this year.
Hello do you like football?
Not so much...are you a big fan of football yourself?
Not really.  I hardly watch anymore,  sometimes if the 49ers play.  
Quarterbacks are one of the most popular players for football it seems. I cannot name any off the top of my head though. Can you?
Tom Brady,  eli manning,  joe montana,  alex smith.Those last 2 arent current lol 
I think it's interesting that Matt Patricia is a coach for football but yet he is also a rocket scientist. Really, how does he have time for football?
maybe it pays better lol 
That would make my day if I learned football would be a more lucrative profession than rocket scientist. What is the world coming to?
I know right.  I would rather be a rocket scientist though,  I dont want to be costantly injured lol 
That's true...although coaches and owners seem to be in the permanent safe zone! Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's football team?
Thats cool,  I wonder if it was any good lol 
Well, that football team is one of the luckiest around to be involved with Snoop Dogg. I don't think they needed to do much fundraising for equipment at that school!
I hear the former running back of the patriots never fumbled the ball Benjarvus green-ellis. 
Wow a football player that NEVER fumbles the ball? That sounds like some sort of football god. Is he a quarterback?
Running back.  not a quarter back. I know right,  really impressive,  I wonder why this guy isnt more well known. 
Running back, quarterback, tight end. Those are about the only football positions I know...the last one sounds pretty funny, actually.
I dont know many either,  only the common ones.  Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow line that tells you where there is a first down. 
Even as hard as they try, in football or any other sport it can be hard to call. There is always human error. Differences of opinion, too, I bet...
i recently read that the huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback. 
Was that so the football players on the other team or other people couldn't see what the quarterback was signing? That's very clever, if so!
It doesnt go into detail but yeah I assume so,  very smart of them and also awesome to accomodate a deaf quarterback. 
Good Morning! Cool...love talking National Football League!
Hey there. Yes the NFL is an awesome organization. I watch the Super Bowl this year it was held on the first Sunday in February. But it wasn't that good of a game I thought.
I like defensive games. I didn't watch it for the first time because I was protesting how the New Orleans Saints were screwed by the officials. But, that's me...
Yeah that was one of the worst no calls I have ever seen. Truly terrible. NFL uses tracking chips and players shoulder pads but they can't even review a call? Not OK.
Yep....I don't know if you've been watching any Alliance of Football games, but they have a referee on camera that's supposed to catch a lot of those callls. I hope the National Football League brings that same approach to the games.
Yeah I definitely think the NFL should adopt that. They have no written rule against female players so why not have a referee on camera too.
Agreed. I'm glad that Jacksonville is finally going to get rid of Blake Bortles with that Philly QB (can't remember his name). They should be a lot better with him.
Yeah I agree with you there. I remember the former patriots running back green ELLIS he never once fumbled the football.
He was good. Strange he didn't last long with the Patriots. But, they also say in the AFC East that Sam Darnold looked good at QB, but I think Baker Mayfield was better for my team (The Browns). We finally have a Quarterback.
I hope your team does well in the future you guys definitely deserve it. I am also glad Baker Mayfield didn't pursue his competitive gaming dream. He makes a better football player I think.
Yes, we are very excited about Baker Mayfield at Quarterback. The Cleveland Browns have been so pitiful for so many years. We have 21 year old kids that don't even know we ever had a good team? 
Yeah well hopefully that will change LOL. Sometimes I forget that there are 32 teams in the NFL because we only hear about the same teams every year.
If I have to hear the New England Patriots name one more time, I'm gonna barf! I hate that they are the one football team that are in the playoffs every dang year. Uggh!
I know it is very annoying. I really wish they didn't win the Super Bowl again. I would've really like to see the New Orleans saints win this year.
Agreed. And that's why I didn't watch it for the first time ever. I was under protest (LOL...then again, I did bet on the Pats to win)
Well it was a smart bet and I hope it paid off for you. It's kind of interesting that the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't be at the same restaurant as any NFL player.
Probably a good idea....lol.....cheerleaders are the last thing a National Football League player needs to see when trying to concentrate on football. Those gals are too gorgeous!
I completely agree with you. Sometimes I would rather watch them in the game. Surprisingly though the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player and an average MLB player.
Well, I'm glad they do! Engineers deserve more money than a sports player in baseball or the National Football League.
Yeah I agree with you. The football players just get injured too often which is surprising because there's actually only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
Yep! Well, I'd like to keep talking football with ya. But, I'd better get going. Great chatting with you and would like to do it again....you take care now and have a Great day!
do you watch football?
I sure do. Snoop Dogg once wrote a song for his son's team
WOw cool. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
I wonder if that is supposed to have some impact on them
I wonder too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s
Wow cool.  The coaches are the highest paid ever though in the states
I bet. Do you know what the highest college football score is?
I am not sure, what game was that?
It was Georgia Tech and Cumberland , 222-0
Wow what a score. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?
Cool. Do you like Brady?
I like him, he is good. Do you know Brad JOhnson?
I have heard of him. Brady was a backup QB in high school
Wow a backup? Brad is the only guy to have thrown himself a touchdown ball
Wow I did not know that was even possible
Me either. Only two african-american players have won the superbowl
Wow. Baker Mayfield wanted to be a game player originally
Wow. Did you know the NFL is using tracking chips now?
Cool what for? What are they collecting there?
They are collecting velocity and rotation and a bunch of other stuff
Oh I see, can they use that to make the game safer too?
Do you follow the NFL?  The LA Chargers lost to the Broncos 23-22 last week to win the AFC conference.  
Hello,  No I didn't.  You keep up with football a lot?
Not really.  I prefer watching the band!  But some fun facts about football are that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are more than the average nfl player and mlb player.
I read that too crazy!  Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
That is way too much for me!  The huddle was created for american football when a deaf quarterback didn't want to give away hand signals
That's really considerate!  
In the 60's top bowlers actually made two times the amount as top football stars
Maybe bowling was much more popular back then. Matt patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the nfl. before coaching, he was a working aeronautical engineer who graduated from rpi: a school whose fight song includes "sin", "cosine" and "tangent", as well as six digits of pi.
Smart guy!  I wonder if he visited the pink Univ of Iowa college football locker room
lol must be some sort of strategy or something, 
ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.  That is cool!
Yeah! The first nfl playoff game was played in 1932 on an 80-yard long dirt field inside chicago stadium, then home to the nhl blackhawks.
There was a Patriot football player named Green-ellis who never fumbled the football.  I guess they should pass to him!
Nice,  I wonder why that guy isn't that popular,  never heard of him. 
Not sure.  The highest scoring game racked up 222 points and the other team unfortunately got 0 when georgia tech won over cumberland.
wow!  Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team.
Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he went in as a junior to college.
Wow that's impressive! Those humungous American flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make
That's huge! Arizona is apparently doing worse in scoring than predicted for football.
That's unfortunate.  14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams.
I wonder if public or private?  I guess I may be funding them!  Better go watch some football :)
I didnt know there was Navy football as well
There seems to be a league for everything
I agree, I wonder if Navy Football is any good, seems like its really competitive
There seems to be an official governing body so it seems quite proffesional.
It does seem that way, theres different teams like the Midshipmen, seems like they have still chance to win the tournament
I did not even know the quarter back was classed as an offensive player.
It does make sense sinse they are behind the offensive line and only participate in offensive plays
its strange that cheerleaders are required to leave if a player enters a resturant it seems an outdated concept.
That is a terrible rule, The Saints are a sexist team
But there are no rules against women playing in the NFL
No rules agaisnt that really?
I wonder how strict the requirements are and if any women try.
They must be really strict.
Have you ever seen the data from the trackers?
No, I havent what about you? it might be interesting though, all kinds of data
I dont follow football,But its interesting to know an engineer has better earning potential than a football player.
Well thats because they work for a lot more years than a football players, foorball players usually retire at age 40 or so
I bet the engineers body will be in better shape as well
Yeah and with a better brain function, many pro football players end up with terrible injuries or braind damage, in some cases both
that is bad, But I was also suprised to know that an average live gameplay is only 11 minutes
Only 11 minutes! that seems like a scam, 
They say it's time to stop sleeping on the chargers. What do you think?
Kansas City? They had a good 2018 season, didn't they?
Los Angeles Charger's had a 8-3 season. They say they should have a definitive shot at the super bowl this year, What do you think? 
They didn't make it to the Super Bowl. Don't know how close they came, do you?
Out of the thirty two teams they are one that did not. The chargers have made the play offs 6 times. 
That's a solid record. The LA Rams got the spotlight; guess the Chargers have been overlooked. Who are their star players?
Good question! You know the Iowa university locker room is painted pink for the visitors. 
Fun college football fact! Do you have a fav. college or NFL team?
Well it use to be Green Bay but i don't get to watch sports much anymore so i always just hope for a good game when i do. 
Packers. Bret Favre. Remember those great teams well. Used to never miss Vikings/Green Bay games! What makes a good game for you?
Great plays, fair calls and strong defense. How about you? Another fun fact top bowlers in the 60's made more than top nfl players did. 
Heard that. Fair calls: well said! Vikings used to pride themselves on defense. Great plays - makes me think of the QB. Was Favre your favorite?
Through the years but he's up there with the greats, Montana, Elway and some of the other's. How was your favorite? 
Have to say Tom Brady, but his jv football coach would not agree. JV team lost every game, and never scored a TD. Brady as back-up QB sat sidelined; coach never put the kid in a game! Hasn't Brady's career changed since then??
So very very much. He's got a bunch of rings and they just won this years super bowl. Plus i heard he wrote a book. 
6 Super Bowl rings now, all with NE and coach Belichik. Brady has written a book; some call it a kind of football "bible". He is VERY serious, almost religious, about commitment to the game. I'm suspicious of that kind of fervor...How about you?
Well not the fervor but what i'm hearing about him and this book gives me pause. Apparently there is a degree about bill that states in bill we trust and some call his book a little cultist. 
Yes, have read about that. The Patriot fans can be pretty "faithful" to their team. Jees! Football is meant to be about passing, kicking balls and scoring TD, field goals, etc. It's a sport, not a religion, don't you think?
I agree 100% too much credence is placed on the wrong things. Hey did you hear about ESPN's Emmy award? 
Yes, the one they won years ago for creating that superimposed yellow line on the field that shows viewers how many yards the offensive has to go to get a 1st down? So used to it now, I can't picture watching a game without it! But somebody created it. 
Yeah it made watching the game that much less frustrating, lol! You know that if you are a New Orleans cheerleader and you are eating at a restaurant and a player comes in then you have to leave. I think that's kind of sexist. Well it was nice chatting with you! 
Will leave you w/a thought from my dad, who coached hs football for 41 yrs: his fav. thing was to watch fervent boys run up the field - in the wrong direction; what he hated most was that boys wouldn't report injuries to him. They wanted so badly to keep playing. Good chat. Cheers!
You too mate! 
Give her watch High School football? Apparently Gonzaga and St John's are in the top 20 now
Does Gonzaga play quarterback for St Johns?
I think Gonzaga is a team, but I'm not 100% sure I don't follow High School football that much, I only watched a local game when my nephew is playing LOL
I see. Then you probably know I do not watch high school football!  I really don't even watch the NFL. Do you?
No I don't watch the NFL either. I do like Tom Brady though, that's the only thing I know is that he's really good LOL
I hear that ruby is a variation of football. It's even literally called rugby football in places.
Yes I think you're right. I only like American football though. They also have Gaelic football and Canadian football
Sorry, meant Rugby, not ruby! I hear some of the stadiums have flags that weigh over half a ton. I wonder if they've ever fallen?
Yeah I would be so scared if I saw that flag falling on top of me LOL. Did you ever hear about the highest scoring football game of all time?
I didn't, was it a very high score? I know it's a high price to build a football stadium. I've heard just a high school one can be sixty million!
Wow that's insane! You think that a high school team does not need a football stadium that complex. Did you know that in the 60s top Bowlers made more than top football players though?
I like bowling more than playing football. One reason is that I like how you can practice alone because for football it's always teamwork, but bowling can be done alone.
Yes I agree. It's also a lot less work to get a team together LOL. What do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy for the yellow line on TV?
I guess it's a good idea, but I'm not sure if it was the best. I agree that schools spend too much on elaborate stadiums. Out of the 25 largest stadiums in the World, 14 are at American Colleges. I wonder what their food is like?
Yes I'm curious too. I'm also curious why the University of Iowa painted a locker room pink, I wonder if they thought it would help or hurt them
I think they did it for just a joke, or I hope so. I know Snoop Dogg has a son that plays football. Have you ever seen him play?
No I haven't seen him play. The song he made is really interesting though, you should look it up on YouTube
I haven't heard it, I will! I think quarterbacks tend to be popular players in football, although I'm not even sure what they do.
Yes quarterbacks are the ones that touch the ball the most and also throw it to other players, Baker Mayfield is one of the most famous ones
I've heard that Kellan Moore is a famous quarterback in the NFL known for being left handed. He's the only one like that, it seems.
Yes you're right. He's very talented too, Baker Mayfield though played this video game called Halo 3 back when he was in college, he was Unstoppable at that game, I was also really good at it too LOL
Hello - do you like watching football?
I love football, the Eagles are my team!
Awesome. They won the 2018 Super Bowl. I don't really know a lot about football or sports in general, though.
They sure did, that was one of the happiest moments of my life!
Was that their first super bowl win?
Yes, they had never won until that year, that is what made it so special!
Cool - who did they play against.
They played against the New England Patriots, who lost to the Gints twice in the 2000s, they are not so great anymore though!
I guess not! I found it interesting to learn that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
That is true, it is very strecthed out, but the Eagles won in fantastic style, they added new players like Ajayi and Darby who helped win
It looks like they added quite a few new players, like Torrey Smith and Patrick Robinson.
Yes, and they are both gone now, the NFL moves very quickly!
They didn't stay long. Did they move to new teams? I know they make a lot of money in the NFL.
Yes, some players use that superbowl as a chance to improve their value and worth. Blount also left the team, and he had won the year before that
Are you looking forward to seeing what the team does this year?
We have a shot at the playoffs, but many players are injured like Clement, Barnett and Darby are injured, and that makes it tough to win
Yeah, I bet. Injuries probably happen a lot in football.
They do, it is partially why the giants collapsed this year, as well as the redskins
Well it was nice talking to you even though I don't know a lot about football!
You as well. It is an interesting sport, there is a lot of nuance to it
goodbye
do you like the NFL?
I love it. Did you know women can play too?
Yes there is no rule on paper that prevents them from playing
Yeah if they meet the requirements they are good to play
Yeah. Do you know how much gameplay is there in a game?
Yes it is actually only 11 minutes in total
and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
Yeah I know. Did you hear of the rule for the Saints cheerleaders?

yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
Yeah and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in
SO sexist , I really think it needs to go
I agree Did you hear they are using chips on the players now
Yes they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such
I hope they can use that to make the game safer somehow
Yeah . DO you like Brady?

I do. He was a back up QB in high school
yeah and they did not start him even when they were not doing well
Yeah their loss. DO you like Alex SMith?
I do. He is a good player and a super smart kid, finished college in two year

Yes took lots of AP tests in college and managed to do that
Yes good planning. Nice chatting with you
hey there, do you watch NFL?
Hello there, I do follow the NFL, did you watch the SuperBowl this year?
Part of it, how about you?
Yeah I kind of fell asleep at the end, but I woke up and saw I had won some money so I was happy.  Do you have a favorite NFL team?
I do not have a favorite one. How about you? I like that they have no rule against woman who can also play in the NFL?
Yeah I think that is super cool, I really want a female player to make a team and play and the field soon.  I think it would be so great for all the young girls into sports.  And I follow the Packers. 
Yeah, I mean even the locker room for university of iowa players was pink.
Yeah isn't that hilarious.  I wonder how they got the ok for that to get painted in the first place. 
Yeah I wonder too. in the sixties top bowlers made twise as much as football players.
That is so funny, oh if I could have a choice to do it again, I would be a top bowler in the 60's.  I would have the life then. 
Yes so true. Did you know that ESPN once won an emmy?
Yeah I heard they won it years back when they came out with the yellow line shown for the first down line. 
That is so interesting. The highest score in football was scored when gerogia defeated cumberland.
Wasn't it a crazy score of over 200-0? I think I read about that one time. 
Yeah that is truly crazy. A former patriots rb never fubled the football in his nfl career.
I heard that. What was his name, I don't remember but know he played for the Patriots. 
His name was Benjarvus Green-Ellis. Pretty interesting.
Yeah that is amazing.  Do you know when the first NFL playoff game was held?
No I do not know that. Do you?
It was way back in 1932! In Chicago stadium, and the field was basically dirt and only 80 yards long.  It was the same place the blackhawks played!
Oh wow it has been around for so long. It was nice chatting with you.
Are you watching the Superbowl this year? wouldnt it be interesting to see a woman play for either team.
I'll probably watch it.  Are you? You know, the nfl doesn't have any rules against a woman playing.
Yeah I just found about that though I dont we will ever see one at a pro level, I also didnt know the average game play is 11 minutes
I didn't know that either.  Next game i'm going to watch to see if that is true.  I do know, though, that there is only 16 regular season games.
Really only 16 thought there were more games, so anyway whats your favorite football position?
Well, there is if you count playoffs and preseason.  Oh, and each time has a bye week.  My favorite position is either quarterback or wide receiver.  You?
Mine is runningback, its been my favorite since I saw Benjarvus Green-Ellis play, so much talent.
I've never heard of him.  I'm old school and have to admit that my favorite running back was Tony Dorsett back in the day.  But now, as far as talent goes, there's some good players out there.  Baker Mayfield for example.  He's so talented at stuff he could even do professional video game playing!
Yeah I know who Mayfield is, he is talented I heard he was pretty good at halo back in college.
Yep.  I like multifaceted players.  Alex Smith for example is reported to be very smart.  He was working on a master's degree before being drafted.
Wow, I guess he is one of the few football players with a masters degree, that is admirable.
I think so too.  Football can be inspiring like that.  I mean, Tom Brady was a second string quarterback in high school and now look!
I bet his coach didnt think he would get so far, his been in almost every superbowl since 2002
I agree.  I wonder what will happen with the Patriots when he retires.  The quarterback is the leader of the team and they don't seem to have a good replacement in place.
I know, the QB is so influential that he touches the ball in every play, they are going to have a hard time finding a good replacement, not sure how the second string QB is right now.
Knowing that, teams need really good quarterbacks.  Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed one?
I didnt know that, football sure is a nice sport, there are many crazy stats like the one in which Georgia Tech defeated another team by 222 points
That is crazy! I would have loved to see that game! I bet neither team had any defense at all!
Yeah, or the other team was probably full with blind people.
Maybe the home team should have tried to psych their opponent out like the University of Iowa does. They have the visitors locker room painted pink.
Yeah that can certainly demoralize a team.
Do you know who Baker Mayfield is?
I'm not sure if I do.
He is a quarterback, he used to play for the Redskins and now is preparing for the Senior Bowl 
Oh, okay. I love the game of football, although I find it odd that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
Theres no written rule really? I wonder if well ever see a female player then
Well, we might. As long as a female can meet league eligibility requirements, she is free to play.
Great maybe some day, did you hear about those tracking chips the NFL use? amazing how much the game has grown over the years
Yes, I've heard the NFL uses the chips in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field.
I think thats intersting, they use it to track their position and then they also place the chips on the footballs and all kids of interesting stats are pulled from them
Well then I guess they can really hold the players accountable for how they are playing and also make some really good plans too.
I agree so did you hear about the rule the Saints have against cheerleaders in their team?
Yes! It sounds completely sexist to me. I can not imagine being at a place eating as a cheerleader, having a player walk in, and having to get up and leave without finishing my meal!
I kwow right, having to walk away would be humiliating specially if you are with friends and family, humiliating and totally unfair
I agree. Seems dated. Can you believe that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of an NFL player?
That actually make sense, most players have a carreer of 20 years and then enginneers work for 40 years or even more
Well, yes. I'm not sure which career I'd like better. It would be nice to have the NFL perks, that's for sure.
Yeah but then theres are all the injuries associated with the game and the brain damage
Well, yeah, that is a drawback. Even top bowlers in the 1960's made twice as much as top football stars. I think I'd rather bowl!
I like bowling, it seems like a safer game not a lot of room for injuries, well Bowlers make a lot less now
Yes. I'm sure they still make better money than a 9-5 though. They have to be talented though. Like former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the FB in his NFL career!
I have to google that like right now, he never flumbled the ball? wow, anyways its been great chatting with you I feel lot smarter now
No, never in his career! Nice chatting with you as well.
Im googling that for sure seems unreal, thanks for all bye. 
Hey how are you? You watch the NFL at all?
Yes I am a real nfl fan, I try to watch most games.
Right on, you a Ravens fan by chance? Or you like another team?
The Ravens is pretty good, but I like the Pittsburgh Steelers, even though they aren't a come from behind team.
Oh man, I'm sorry you're a Steelers fan lol. Antonio Brown and Le'Veon Bell gone in a year?
That's what I am thinking about, but that always been my team, they do need better players, they seems to fall everytime against a good team like New England.
True, JuJu Smith-Schuster and James Conner are both special players too, even if they only play for 11 minutes throughout the game.
Do you actually believe that a four quarter game only 11 minutes of live plays? 
I could maybe see that, I thought it'd be a lot less to be honest. If we're just talking about from snap to whistle. What do you think?
I would say no way, Including quarterback time, run time, field goal time, It almost takes the average person 11 minutes to enjoy a nice dinner' just my opinion.
Haha for sure, I think it's just between the whistles though right. Like a FG would start when the ball is snapped and end when the whistle is blown, so like 5 seconds? It'd be interesting to see the way they came up with that stat.
I would agree with that, what do you think about women in the nfl, do you think the ratings will drop to a low?
Not sure, if they can keep up that would be cool to see, I just don't see it happening anytime soon, what do you think?
I am not trying to be negative, but I don't see it either, because It would be hard to find a 250 to 300lbs player hitting a woman head on, I can't see that happening.
True, maybe as a kicker or punter sometime? I don't know who would really want to play in the NFL anyways. Alex Smith is pretty smart too, took a lot of AP tests in High School
That's true, I would be upset if I play the nfl pool and a player let another player run by and make a touch down just because she's a woman.
True, I could see that. How much did Juniperro Serria HS regret not playing Tom Brady?
Wow, I bet he still regret it, did you know in 1961 georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0? I never heard of cumberland, have you?
I have not, they're in Georgia though I'd assume right? They probably shut down the school after that game haha.
Hahaha, they probably did, because I pretty sure they most have fired the coach. I didn't know Kellan Moore is the only left hand in the nfl.
For sure, I wonder why he was the only one. I'm going to take off though, take care and great chat!
Hi! Do you like football?
Hi.  Yes I do.  I especially like American football.  Do you?
I'm not that big of a fan.  I did find it interesting that there is only one left handed QB in the NFL
That is interesting.  Another interesting fact is that the huddle was started because of a deaf quarterback.
That's very interesting!  The Junipero Serra High School had such a bad year they failed to even score a touchdown. 
I think I've heard of them before. During that year wasn't their starting quarterback tom brady?
Actually, he was their backup.  They never played him!
That's right! He was the backup. He's been a starter for so long now I just automatically said it lol!  Have you heard of baker mayfield before?
Yeah, I have heard the name but I don't know much about him. 
He was the starting quarterback for the university of oklahoma.  Word is he's not only great at football but also at video games. He's so good he considered becoming a professional gamer.
That's cool.  Do you know who Alex Smith is?
His name sounds familiar.  Isn't he a professional quarterback too?
Yes, and he's smart.  He earned his Bachelor's degree in 2 years and got his Masters before becoming the first pick in 2005 draft
Wow! That is impressive!  Good for him!  He must have worked very hard in school. I mean, quarterbacks touch the ball for practically every offensive play so you know he was busy with football and to still do so great academically is fantastic.
No doubt!  I wonder if he every played Iowa in college.  Their visitor's locker room is pink!
That's funny. I guess that school has a good sense of humor.  Speaking of schools, have you heard of Georgia Tech?
I have heard of them.  I'm guessing they have a good team?
Not sure if they do now, but back in 1916 they did. They scored the most points ever in a game. They beat Cumberland 222-0.
Wow, that's quite a thumping! Could you imagine being on the losing side of that game?
I would feel awful.  That bad of a beating would probably make me highly consider quitting playing.  I can't help but wonder though why they just didn't call the game at some point.
I totally agree.  Great chat! Have a good one!
Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
You too brah. Do you watch football? The NFL has 32 teams, the NY Giants are my favorite team
I don't really watch... I'm from Europe - we watch football ( soccer ) ;)  Giants huh ? Where You're from ? All my neighbors are cheering for Giants ;)
I'm from Connecticut, right next to NY. We don't have any of the 16 teams from the NFC or AFC in my state unfortunately 
ahh, I'm from Long Island NY, so I guess we're neighbors ;) 
I wonder if European Football uses tracking chips like how the NFL embeds them into shoulder pads
Yeah I don't think so ;) I mean, I've never heard about that. I wonder what's the point...
I guess the NFL uses them to track the players movements and they also have them in the ball to track velocity, rotation, speed, and location
Holy crap, so much data for running with the ball and passing it from time to time... :)  Hey I heard that the highest score in football was 222-0 ? Is that really high ?
Usually in the pros once you break into the 40s its consider really high, in College there will be a game once in a while that breaks into the 60's or 70s
what... so how the hell did they do that ? 222 ? That's like 4 times bigger score than that...
Yea, It must of been the best team in College football at the time facing another college that's team had the skill equivalent of a high school team
Are matches like that entertaining to watch ? Soccer matches are really exciting even with score 0-0
If the games are close in score they tend to fun to watch, if it's one-sided and you're not a fan of the high scoring team then no, that's why I don't really like college football 90% of the games aren't competitive 
I see... In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars - was bowling that popular in USA ?
Not really, back in the 60s football wasn't as popular and there was no unions, players during the offseason worked regular job
ahh, ok... hey what's up with those pink locker rooms in university of iowa's ? Did You hear about that ?
Head games I guess. Did you know 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams?
Probably huge budget stands behind it... That's why it's also so popular...
Yea, kinda a shame sports are more important than academics, The highest paid across all u.s. department of defense employees are three football coaches of the service branch teams.
I agree, but it was always like that... entertainment above all - whatever brings more profit... Hey, it was really nice chatting with You ! 
You too, have a good one
Are you familiar with college footballs?
Hello, actually more familiar with the NFL
Me too.  So, why are quarterbacks so important?
The are very very important because the are the leaders of the offensive team
Do they really make calls during huddles? I thought coaches do those.
It looks like that is the way!Well and we are getting close to the superbowl, how you like that?
I am going to watch superbowl on tv.  
Me too! did you know there is a crazy rules for the New Orleans saints cheerleaders?
No I don't.  Please tell me about it.
The can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player!
I just read about (after you mentioned it).  What is the reason for that? 
I think that makes no sense, I the cheerleader is already eating there, an a player comes in, they have to leave. I do not think there is a valid reason.
Is it legal?  It is discrimination.  I think the cheerleaders should stay if they are there before players.
I totally agree with you. And at least the NFL has no rule against female players.
I heard about that.  No female player has been interested in joining the NFL so far.
If a woman wanted and met the requirements she could get in but I doubt it would happen anytime soon.
I agree with you.  Do you know that NFL places chips in players shoulders pads?
Yes , I heard something about it! Tell me more
The league wants to know the players' each move on the field.
We enjoy the game so much, but did you know how much is actually actual play time?
No.  Please tell me about it.  Also, who do you think will win the superbowl?
Just 11 minutes, We will just  wait and see. It was a pleasure talking to you!
Hey! How's it going? Do you like football?
Yes i do... very much!  Do you?
I do, what do you think about Baker Mayfield?
He seems pretty good so far!  Who's you're favorite team out the 32 teams in the NFL?
I'm a New Orleans Saints fan myself, how about you?
That's cool... i like them... although payton's faces are pretty funny!  I am an Eagles fan.
Yeah they are. I like the Eagles too, there's been a lot of good players come through there.
Yeah... be nice to have a consistent quarterback!  I can't believe Kellen Moore is the only left handed QB!
I can't either. I find that odd. I guess the last quarterback I knew of in the league was Tim Tebow.
So i wonder when we will see a female player in the NFL?
I'm not sure, I'm surprised there hasn't been one since there's no rule against it.
So true!  What position you think she will play?
I'm not sure. I could see a defensive back or something.
i was thinking more like a kicker.
That would work too. I would just hope they would get treated better than the cheerleaders. The Saint's cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at the same restaurant as any NFL player.
Crazy isn;t it?  You ever heard of that before being a saints fan?
I had not, it's pretty horrible. Even if they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after, they have to leave. That is crazy to me!
Extremely unfair... they need to change that rule... it's very rude!
I agree they do. The game has changed so much in the NFL. In the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top NFL stars. Now I'm sure that's reversed tenfold.
Oh yeah... for sure!  How about we sit around for 3 hours watching a game for only 11 total minutes of live gameplay... we muct be crazy!
I know right! I can't believe it! Well I have to run, it was nice chatting with you. I hope you have a good night!
Hi!  Are you a football fan?
Yeah I loe football how bout you.
I watch more college than the NFL, but yes I am.
I dont watch much college other than the mountaineers every now and then. Im a big steelers fan so I watch them every week.
I watch FSU and sadly I grew up a Dolphins fan, so there is no hope there.  lol
Lol. As long as you pick a team and stick with them. I hate it when somebody just goes with a team just cause they are doing well.
Yeah, not a fair weather fan.  I would stick by my team even if they were losing by 222.  Like the highest scoring game ever.
That would be emberrasing to lose by that much, but I would still stick with them as well.
It is more embarrassing on how the Saints treat their cheerleaders in my opinion.
Yeah I read that to. That is rediculous. 
In the 60's NFL stars werent making as much so their egos probably werent as big.  
I know right. If Bowlers are making more than you are, i dont think you can get to big of a head on your shoulders. Lol.
I cant even name 1 professional bowler, ever.
Me either. I just think of that movie with woody harrelson. I think it wcup or something like that. It also as Tin 
KingPin?  That is the one I think of.
Yeah that might be it. Lol. Brings back memories.
Yuo.  A time before that yellow line, that ESPN won an Emmy for.  Lol
Well that yellow line is prettyawesome if you ask me. 
I totally agree, I dont know how to watch without it.  Its just not the same.
Nope. It really give you a new perspective. You can physically see where we need to get to. When a guy stretches out you get to make a judgement on the spot whether he got it or not. Love it.
Did you know there is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL?
I didnt know that actually. I figured there would be at least a few. Good chat though ttyl.
How's it going, are you a football fan? It's amazing Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled in his career
He was a graet player he used to play for the Patriots right?
Yea and I believe he may of played for one of the other 32 teams in the NFL
I wonder if he ever won a Superbowl with the team, I guess he played with Brady, 
I think he did. It's crazy that Brady never started for his JV team despite them never winning a game
So much talent wasted, the coach made a terrible decision! I bet he was teased for that years later
Hopefully he no coaches at Junipero Serra High School, not only did they not win a game they didn't even score a touchdown
Wow his high school coach must be like the worse coach in the history of the game lol, he had a legend on the bench, he is a 4 or 5 time Super Bowl winner I bet he could handle a high school game
Alex Smith also went to high school in CA, not only was he a good qb he was a smart student who passed a bunch of AP tests
Yeah I hear he got his BA in just two years and then began on his masters degree, I wonder if theres a PHD as well
Well Alex Smith did begin working on his master's degree before he was drafted into the NFL
I think thats great many players wont study and then they will end with deep financial problems after their carreers are over
I don't think Baker Mayfield did too much studying, he plays a lot of video games when he's not playing football
He considered becoming a pro video game player once right?
Mayfield did, he claims he can beat anyone at Halo
He and I must have a Halo contest then, I am a great Halo player one of the best
I wonder if the NFL would use tracking chips to record Mayfield and you playing Halo
I would have no problem with that as long as I get a shot to defeat Mayfield, he wont see me coming
Good luck with that, I hope the match would be longer than the 11 minutes of live gameplay a NFL game averages
11 minutes doesnt seem like a lot, specially when each quarter is 15 min long
Well I have to go, nice chatting with you
Hello! How are you today?
Doing well thanks. How about you?
I'm going great as well! Do you like football?
I follow it some. Do you think there will ever be a women playing in the NFL?
Maybe as a kicker to start with! More and more girls are getting into it which is awesome! What do you think?
I think there will be, I'm all for it if they can do it. Did you know the average NFL game only has 11 minute of live action?
That's great! I didn't know that, it's too funny though because we waste 3 hours watching it haha.
Yeah, and also think about how many hours of practice they go through for just 11 minutes.
I agree! I bet the 1916 game that was 222-0 took more than 11 minutes of gameplay lol.
I'm sure. I can't believe they didn't stop that game.
I would have just walked off the field lol. I wonder if they were in a trance because of a pink locker room like the Iowa Hawkeyes do?
Maybe. If I was on the team that had their locker room painted I would retaliate by shutting off the Hawkeyes hot water.
Haha that would be a nice revenge measure! Would you rather have been a bowler or a football player in the 1960s?
In the 60's I would have rather been a football player. Today I have more sense. How about you?
I would have been a bowler because they were paid much more than football players!
I can see your point. What do you think about the tracking chips the NFL uses?
I think it is great because it records a players every move on the field. I wonder what they do with the footballs!
Well, Tom Brady could how many times the football rotated and then let some air out.
Haha I'm sure he somehow "lost" the chips on that football haha.  I see his JV high school football team was terrible, but they never put him in!
Ha, right. I have to give Brady credit, no matter what else he has had quite a career.
He really did. It was nice chatting, have a great day!
I don't keep up with individual players much, but the NFL gains a lot of attention when it's not in the 17 weeks of the regular season
Yeah it does, I know it still has the highest tv ratings of all of our major sports. 
I wonder how much more popular it would be if there were a female player. There's technically no rule against that happening
I think that would be so cool if a female player did make a pro team.  To young girls into sports it would be huge as well. 
can you believe each game is only really eleven minutes of live gameplay
Isn't that pretty crazy, doesn't seem like anything, but there are tons of stops in the game. 
Still, that seems so short. I wonder how they used to keep track of all the stats before they had chips embedded in the footballs and shoulder pads. Then again, people weren't as obsessed with fantasy football before all the technology
That is true and there wasn't nearly the amount of focus and attention to injuries as there are now.  Especially all of the stuff on concussions. 
Also true. It can be risky even now. I'm not sure if all the money is worth it if engineers can make more money over a lifetime
Yeah I think when you add it up those engineers make more because they work for a much longer time, but I could be wrong. 
That's probably also true. The work is likely more steady and requires less moving unless you're as good as Tom Brady and can stay with the same team over a long period of time
I wonder how many years Tom has left in him.  I would say he has won enough. 
Who knows? Maybe he likes being the leader of the offensive team
Speaking of football, do you know what the highest scoring game ever was?
Wasn't it when Georgia Tech played against Cumberland?
Good call! Yeah it sounds like the defense didn't show up that at all, or the offense I guess. 
Maybe Georgia Tech had a good RB. Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball during his NFL career
That is some stat, to be a pro running back and never had a fumble, that is impressive. 
Very true. The visitor's lockers at the University of Iowa are painted pink. I wonder whose idea that was
That is pretty funny that whoever is in charge at that school gave the ok for them to paint it that way. 
True! I wonder if the other variations of football have funny traditions like American football does. I'm sure rugby players have similar stories
Hey, how's it going?  Are you a big football fan?  I'm not the biggest fan, TbH but I find a lot little facts about it fascinating..
I love watching football, my favorite teams are the Iowa Hawkeyes and Minnesota Vikings! do you have a favorite team of the 32 nfl teams?
I wouldn't say I have a favorite, per se, but I like some of the quirks of certain teams.  For instance, do you know University of Iowa's visitor's locker room is painted PINK?  Ha, I find that funny!
Of course I do, they do it for psychology purposes, it tends to be a calming color
Yeah colors have different effects on people.  I remember in high school reading about an experiment where they painted a weight lifting room pink and they found the people in there couldn't lift as much weight!  
wow I need to read up on that, that is amazing what a color can do lol. Have you heard of alex smith?
Name sounds familiar but I don't recognize it off-hand...
He was the #1 pick in 2005 as a quarterback. He got his college degree his sophomore year of college because he was so smart
Wow, that's amazing!  Really helps break the stereotype of jocks not being that bright.  Speaking of quarterbacks, this one fellow Baker Mayfield considered quitting football to pursue competitive video gaming.
I heard that too, I think halo 3 was his game. I could beat him one on one!
Dunno... I think I'd stick with football then use the video games as a backup.  Then again, you're less likely to be injured playing video games, so I dunno.... 
For sure, no one plays halo 3 much anymore, the game is like 15 years old already ha
Did you know the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback?
I think I knew that back in the day, Paul Hubbard I think was the quarterback. Look what he started, I wonder why they huddled
Yeah, he didn't want to risk anyone reading his hand signals and knowing what they were up to.  
that is smart. Do you know any lefty quarterbacks in the NFL, apparently kellen moore is the only one right now.
I haven't heard of any to honest.  Speaking of which, do you think a woman could play football?  There's technically no rules in the NFL against it, so long as they meet the eligibility requirements.
That would be interesting to see. I would watch that if it happened, it would be legendary
Speaking of legendary the biggest score ever in a football came was 1916.  Georgia tech defeated Cumberland with a whooping 222-0.   Wow, get the feeling somebody wasn't even TRYING that night...
That would have been so crazy to watch. I would have quit after the score got to 100-0. There should have been a mercy rule
Well, listen, it's been AWESOME talking to you!  You have a terrific day!
You too, have a great day!
Hey are you an NFL fan? I am and I like to speculate about next season. One hot topic is whether Dez Bryant is still elite. what do you think?
I'm not a big fan - don't know a lot about football. I know he is a player for the Cowboys.
Oh thats too bad. Yeah football can be a tough game. An NFL game only has 11 minutes of actual gameplay isn't that odd?
Yeah that is odd. Also odd that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player. Very strange.
Yeah I have heard that. I don't like that rule-apparently they are worried about the cheerleaders distracting the player. Football wasn't always popular though-in the 1960's pro bowlers made more money than football players!
Wow that's really surprising. I know they bring in the money now. Even though an engineer still earns more in a lifetime than an NFL or MLB player on average.
Yeah thats a great point-because the NFL career is so short-too many injuries, no longevity. Did you know the NFL uses chips in the players shoulder pads to track their movements on the field-probably to make sure they don't kneel lol.
Haha yeah and they track the football itself too!
Oh interesting. No wonder they have so many interesting statistics! Do you think there will ever be a woman nfl player? They are allowed to play you know.
Yeah I was kind of surprised to learn that. I'm sure it will come up at some point. I wonder if it hasn't happened yet because women aren't aware of this or because they fail to meet league eligibility requirements.
Probably because they are smart and don't want to trash their brain and body lol. But I think there is a woman player who is becoming very close-she is one of the best players in recent years I saw on ESPN. I don't remember what position though.
Yeah it can definitely do some damage playing football. 
Definitely. But football players definitely know how to live large and have fun. The University of Iowas locker room painted their visiting teams locker room pink. 
That's something I would like to see. I guess that is supposed to mess with the opposing team before the game haha
Yeah I bet it works! One exciting thing to watch during an NFL game is when a player fumbles, but former patriots running back Green-Ellis never fumbled in his life! crazy.
That's pretty impressive. Also interesting that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl.
Yeah totally agree. Interesting because in some sports like tennis it can be an advantage, but apparently not in the NFL.
Also pretty interesting that the circular huddle was created by hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team couldn't read his hand signals. Pretty smart and the huddle has stuck with the sport.
That is very interesting. I always wondered about that. It is funny how certain behaviors and acts just stick over time and no one questions where they originated. 
Yes that is very true. Well it has been nice talking to you.
You too. have a great day!
Goodbye.
Hello do you like football?
I do, what about you? I'm a huge Redskins fan.
I dont follow it much,  if I do watch it,  its only cuz the 49ers are playing lol I like the niners, but they havent been doing well in awhile lol 
Nice, did you know the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulder pads to record their move on the field? 
yeah thats pretty interesting,  I believe they put it in the football as well. 
Really? What do they do with the data? 
Probably use it for stats,  not sure exactly/
Interesting. Well apparently Matt Patricia is a rocket scientist, so maybe he knows!
Yes,  maybe they use it for rockets!! lol did you know there is no written rule about females playing in the nfl,  like technically women can play!
Yeah, I'm not sure that people would want to see them get injured on TV though. 
I dont want to see anyone get injured on tv,  but they still do it lol 
Yeah, this is true. Did you know there is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL?
Yeah thats a interesting fact. 
Yeah, it is. Apparently it is Kellan Moore, he is pretty good, right/ 
I have no clue,  I never heard of him.  Do you know the Patriots?  They used to have a player that never fumbled the ball in his career.
Yeah, they just won the Super Bowl, did you watch it? 
No,  I didnt watch it,  I went snowboarding instead lol 
Hilarious. Did you know snoop dog wrote a fight song for his son's high school team? 
That sounds pretty cool.  I wonder if it was any good lol 
I bet it's a different sound than his current music! Are you a fan of Snoop Dog? 
Yeah I know a lot of his songs.
Nice, I haven't heard any of his new stuff, but hopefully he is still good. Anyways, nice chatting with you. 
Do you like football?
I kind of hate it, but it seems like I'm a minority in that respect amongst Americans. I think I like rugby better haha.
I dont follow rugby that much but it seems like a great sport, Gaelic football is new to me, first time hearing about that variation of the sport
I think any variation is more efficient than American football. Did you know that there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay in the course of an average NFL game?
only 11 minutes? wow, that seems unfair to fans and to viewers of the game, 
Well, there are 17 weeks of the regular season, plus the playoffs, so I guess it adds up! People just watch the Super Bowl for the commercials anyway.
Yeah, I guess commercials are pretty good. Did you watch this years Super Bowl?
I did not. Maybe I'd watch if women played--there's actually no official rule against it!
That would be interesting, you know top bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s
I wonder if that applied to female bowlers, too. Did you know that an engineer actually has a higher average lifetime earnings than a typical NFL player?
I didnt know that no, that seems a bit unreal considering how much pro football players make
Well, their careers are pretty brief, although some players like Tom Brady last a pretty long time, and he was backup QB of his high school JV team.
He is 40 years old and still the icon of his team, and really he was? wow? so much talent wasted on the bench
Well, some QBs have other interests, too, like school--for example, Alex Smith entered college as a junior because he had so much credit from all the AP courses he took in high school.
Sounds like he is a really smart QB, not only a great player but smart guy
Yes. Another QB who was good at other stuff is Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield, who considered quitting football and becoming a full-time competitive video game player.
I think he made the right call there, football players make tons of money
There's a lot of money to be made from all of the TV rights--ESPN even won an Emmy for creating the superimposed first down line.
They did? I guess ESPN changed the game with the creation of the yellow first down line, its on every game
I wonder if Canadians get the same line, or no one cares enough to bother there haha.
I guess no one bothers lol, ESPN deserved the Emmy, the first down line will continue to be part of the game for years to come. 
Hi. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for that superimposed yellow line of theirs?
i did not know that! i guess espn discovered something that people needed all along.
I don't see how it's needed, but I'm not a football fan. Maybe they should have used it in that game of Georgia Tech, where they defeate their opponent 222-0.
it help understand just how close the team is to a first down. sometimes its not clear. i figure that GT did not need to do that to poor cumberland.
Ah. Okay. Thanks for explaining it. I thought it may have been something to do with being owned by Disney, and their Imagineers were bored, lol. I would love to see the U of IA's pink, visitor's lockerroom.
i would love to see it too. and talk to the person that decided to do that. does it have any effect? i wonder
I would think they would enjoy the ambiance, lol. It's weird that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
i guess there is a LOT of standing and waiting and the officials conferring and stuff. great pay for all that waiting LOL
They sure do. What do you think of the use of tracking chips in the balls?
i think it is good to understand how the game works. i would like to improve player safety. i think the chips might help there.
Same with the ones in the shoulder pads?
Yes, they could help understand situations when players get hurt. maybe understand how to minimize risk of injury.
I'm shocked a woman hasn't been on a team yet, the NFL doesn't have any rules prohibiting it.
i would expect that some positions could be open to women,like kicker or punter. but there is pipeline of male talent.
Sounds kind of sexist, same with the Saint's archaic rule against cheerleaders eating in the same restaurant as the players.
yes, it is sexist and misogynistic. the cheerleaders are adults. they can be with the players in a public space.
It's disgusting to think that if they are in the middle of their meal, they must leave when one comes in. It's for that reason alone, I don't buy any Saints Merch when I am in NOLA.
i dont know why that rule was started. there must have been a problem like romantic relationships or something.
One would think there would be more teams that hae that. Being from Cleveland, I'm grateful that Baker Mayfield didn't decide to become a pro gamer, for the tweets by the CPD alone.
i guess some people should become gamers because they dont have other sports to play. but he had a choice. that is an easy one to make in my mind.
Supposedly, he's pretty good at Halo 3. That's a tough game, and pro gamers can rake in big bucks at tournaments.
i guess they can, but how long is the career? Football can lead to many things. Anyway, great chat!
Thanks, have a nice day.
Quarterbacks are always the most known position of any football team in America.  I guess that's because they have the ball on almost every play.
Whats your favorite football teams?
My favorites are the Dallas Cowboys and the Kansas City Chiefs.  What are yours?
The Dolphins and the Eagles. Who is your favorite quarterback of all time?
That's a hard one. I like Roger Staubach, Troy Aikman, John Elway, and currently Patrick Maholmes and Baker Mayfield.  You?
Dan marino and Cam Newton. Do you know who the only left handed quarterback currently is?
I think it is Kellan Moore. Did you know that Baker Mayfield considered going into professional gaming?  He says he can beat anyone at Halo 3.
Idk If he can beat anyone cause my roomate is pretty good lol. Do you know how many teams are currently in the whole league?
I am thinking 32 but I think they should add more and make the season longer.  Which conference do you like the best?
I like the Nfc what about you?
I like the NFC too.  Will you be watching the Super Bowl?
Definitely I'm going to be grilling some steaks and ribs a nice bbq to sit down and watch the game. Who do you think will win this year?
If Dallas goes, then Dallas. But if they don't, then Kansas CIty.  Who do you think will win?
I hope dallas wins it will be great for all the old school cowboys fans to see their team holding that trophy again. The chiefs have a good chance but I'm going for dallas.
An Eagles fan going for Dallas?  That's a surprise!
LOL well I'm also a dolphins fans so you have to know I have family down south so I can definitely appreciate the team. Do you know what the highest score in a game ever was?
Makes sense.  What was it?
Says it was back in 1916 Gerogia tech blew out cumberland 222 to zero 
Definitely no defense from Cumberland!  I like that the University of Iowa paints the visiting team's locker room pink!
Lol Its classic mental tactics to get into their heads. Iowa's coach is a genius.
True!
Hi, how are you?
hey there, pretty well , how are you?
I am well, thanks. do you like football?
I do how about you?
I do like it. My favorite team is the Bears. How about you?
did you know women can play in nfl as well, if they qualify?
I did not. Wow. There's only 11 minutes of play in an nfl game.
I know yet we are glued tot he tv for hours to an end
Do you watch a lot of TV? I wish I watched less.
I do because I like to watch sports games a lot
Me too. That's what I watch all the time. Do you know who tom brady is?
yes a very very famous quarterback that plays for the patriots
His high school team was terrible and he still couldnt get into the game. Seems like a giant misstep now.
Yeah go figure life sometimes. do you know alex smith?
I do. He is a QB, right?
yes. he was so good in school that when he entered university he was bumped to junior.
Wow, I was so bad, they tried to keep me back a year. Turns out I was just learning disabled. 
Yeah at least nowadays there are better way to figure those out. did you hear about the new oorleans cheerleaders rule?

No, what is it?
they cannot eat in the same restaurant as the players
That's sexist. Nice chatting with you!
Hi, how are you?
Hello, im great, so do you follow the NFL or college football?
I follow both. Do you follow either or both?
I follow both, have you seen Virginia Tech play lately?
I did a little last year but not recently. I went to Illinois so I am a big 10 guy. Do love the SEC though... kind of have to.
I see, well it seems like the defense needs a complete make over, they have a terrible defense hopefully the team can get better this year.
Wasnt' 2017 a really good year at VT?
I think they had a good campaign in 2017, I think there performance wasnt as good on 2018, so do you have a favorite NFL team?
I am a bears fan.
I see, too bad they didnt make it to the Superbowl this year, when was the last time the bears made it?
2006. It was payton manning's first superbowl. He was with the colts. Devin Hester had that opening kickoff for a TD and it was awesome! I got so drunk that game.
that sounds like it was a great game indeed lol, its amazing how tech advances and now we can tell different data like the velocity, the rotation of the ball among others with the use of a simple chip.
I wish football had the tech tennis does. Did you watch any of the Australian open?
I dont Im not a big tennis fan, more a soccer or football fan myself
Ok... the tennis tech is like the soccer tech when they try to figure out a goal. Cant football use that tech? It would be so much quicker
I agree although players have also chips and I think that is really advanced.
Yeah but I feel like it's a waste if they are not using them to further the game. They use it for data and not game enhancement.
I can see your point, you know there is a high school football stadium that had a cost of 60 million dollars, what a waste of money!!
I bet it's in texas! THere's like 10 of them there. Big oil money + football crazy= $60M stadiums!
Hopefully it didnt come out of drug money, we waste enormous amount of money on stadium we have 14 of the biggest stadiums on the world on a list of 25
Jerry's world should count twice!
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing well. I'm surprised Kirk Cousins was worth such a huge contract to other teams.
I guess it depends on the fit of the QB with the team and the coach. 
Did you know the circular huddle was originally for a quarterback that was deaf so he could hear? 
I thought it was to shield the QB's hand signals from the other team. 
Yeah. Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?
Really? Is there something about being a lefty that makes it difficult on offense?
I'm not sure, it might be hard for them to succeed since so many players are used to right handers.
I wonder about blocking assignments and receivers and such. There's no rule against women playing in the NFL. I wonder if we'll ever see a female on the field.
Maybe, it depends. The average earnings of an engineer is higher than an NFL player on average. 
Probably safer for women to become engineers. Plus we need more engineers. They could improve the chips in the players shoulder pads.
Crazy, I read that they follow them that closely, I don't know if it is worth it. 
It might help understand strategy, or cause and nature of injury.
This is true. But then again the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of game play. 
Not much action. A lot of time for commercials. A lot of standing around.
That and a lot of fiddling with the play clock and running out the clock. 
That's true.The game has changed a lot. For example, in the 1960s, pro bowlers made more than football players.
That's insane, I be engineers made more than the average bowler back in the day too. Sounds like being an engineer is the way to go. 
If you got the brain and the interest! Lots of people find it tough and boring. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
Nice chatting with you too!
Bye!
hi how are you? do you like football?
Hi! Yes, I learned to like it with my husband and father in law. They are hardcore fans. How about you? I like to Bears, Im from Illinois but My husbands family like the Chiefs
i am not really a fan. i try to watch the playoffs and the super bowl. I like to root for the underdog.
I agree, me too! I only watch it when its on. I did watch the Super Bowl I know some people love brady some hate him but there is no doubt he is amazing!
i dont love or hate him particularly, but the patriots seem to win a lot. i would like to see another team have a chance.
Right! This is the 6th Super Bowl they've won I think and I agree. There are a lot of great players who have done great things for instance Brad Johnson, he threw a touchdown pass to himself! lol he made it into history hes the only one to do that! 
how on earth did he do that? i want to see the footage of that. 
haha, I know! I didnt know that was possible... maybe rules changed after that. There is also a Left handed quarterback in the NFL, Kellen Moore, he is the only one. Im sure he has thrown some people off at first. There are a lot of interesting facts surrounding football, I must admit.
i guess the defense has to adjust to a new rhythm a different blind side.
Yes! I know Brady takes all the shine but there are alot of great players and coaches. Like Matt Patricia... he is a rocket scientist besides a coach! How cool!
he must have a terrific mind to be able to do both. i envy him. 
Me too! I cant even leave my house... i have 2 year old twins! can you imagine how loaded he must be. I wonder if he is one of the highest paid coach of the service teams. Apparently there are only 3.
Ok. I wonder about that too. The services have football teams, but are they competitive?
Im not sure, but it seems to be a lot of money as I expect especially since they humongous flags at football stadiums cost about 50 grand and weigh 1,100 pounds. 
I wonder what kind of cloth they are made out of. that is really heavy. you could get trapped under that.
For sure, and a lot of money! I would hate to be under that if it fell, Its a very expensive and lucrative sport. 
I think that the focus of college has shifted too much to sports. the money is driving the schools away from their focus. 
I agree, there is a High School stadium in Texas that cost over 60 mill to build! 
It is like a megachurch dedicated to sport. Anyway, great chat!
Yes, pretty much. It seats about 18,000 peeps. Its better than a concert! and its only a high school... Fun chatting with you too!
Have a good day!
You too! Sending you hugs and Love to you lovely stranger! Hope you have an amazing Day :)
How are you doing? Do you like watching the NFL? Surprisingly there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
I'm great great, how are you? Yes I love watching football and that blows my mind to think since we sit and watch a game for hours!
Yes half the time I feel like I'm watching commercials. I'm still waiting for the first woman to play in the NFL because there is no written rule against it.
That would be a great day for society! I wonder what position she would try out for, kicker?
Yeah kicker if she was smaller but maybe wide receiver if she was a bigger. One thing is for certain, I wouldn't want to be a cheerleader for the New Orleans Saints because they can't eat at the same restaurant as the players.
Imagine getting a steak and then having to leave because somebody came in. That is crazy to me! I do like the NFL technology though!
Yeah you bring up a good point they have a lot of technology at their disposal. They even have chips inside of the footballs to track velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location.
Players can have their every move tracked on the field as well! ESPN even won an emmy for that yellow line we see on the field haha.
Oh wow! I wonder if they track the quarterbacks every movement? I also wonder if a left-handed has different movements then a right had a quarterback. Kellan Moore would know.
Isn't he the only left handed quarterback in the league right now? The only others ones I can think of are Brunell, Steve Young, and Michael Vick!
Yeah are used to like watching Michael Vick. But I think he is the only current one now. Quarterbacks are so important. Baker Mayfield almost quit football to become a competitive video game player.
I'm sure he's happy he changed his mind. If he keeps it up, he'll be making much much more than he would have playing video games! 
Yes good point. Although not as much as an engineer!
I guess if they take all the players that only play one or two years into that average, I do believe engineers in fact make more in their lifetime!
Yes that is very surprising, it must be because the NFL players career is so short. Top bowlers in the 1960s used to make more than top football players as well.
I think I would have loved being a bowler back then, but yet again, how much is more for payment back then? 
Yeah I'm not sure that's a good question! There is only one running back I have ever heard of that has never fumbled the football and that is been Benjarvus green-Ellis who played for the patriots.
That is a crazy stat because he played in the league for years! These days, it's common for a running back to fumble like every other game! I wonder how many fumbles were in the 222-0 game back in 1916 lol.
Wow what a beating that was. Georgia Tech must've been really good or Cumberland must've been really bad. Well it was nice chatting with you today!
I think I would have just walked off the field at that point. It was nice chatting with you as well!
Have a good Saturday, see ya!
Hi, how are you?
Good and you?
I'm fine! Shall we chat about football?
sure. Do you know much about football? I confess I only have a basic knowledge of the sport. 
I only know a little myself. For example, the huddle is such a fundamental part of the game that I didnt even think about its origins. Paul D. Hubbard created the huddle in todays football. Reason: hes deaf quarterback. He didnt want the other team to read his hand signals.
I wonder if any of the hand signals have an signifigance in ASL since there are deaf and hard of hearing players on the teams. 
That's a good point. In the 60s bowlers made twice as much as football stars. Still, I wonder how much bowlers made overall. Was it that much money? 
I think back then the players in the NFL weren't getting the exorbident sums they are now. Given all the injuries they sustain though I think the pay is mostly justified. 
On a per-minute basis, they make a great wage. There is only 11 minutes of action on average.
That has to be without the huddles and hikes and all that because there is a clock that ticks down. I think it must be 11 minutes of actual moving. 
Did you know that there is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL? Kellan Moore. I expected  more, considering how many lefty pitchers there are in the MLB.
I didn't know that. I wonder if it is because of the way the ball is thrown and caught. It seems like it would be harder to do lefthanded than with say a baseball. 
I wonder if the plays have to be reworked for a lefty. The receiver routes and such
I would imagine so. It is hard to catch things from a lefty. Everything is always just a bit off. 
The NFL has no rules against women playing. I think that women could play at certain positions, like kicker. Women would probably draw a lot of interest, perhaps increase the TV audience. 
If a woman is kicker does she still have to meet the same requirements as the other players? 
I suppose there is a lot of competition for kicker, so it would be tough. Plus there is no feeder system like for men. Women soccer players might qualify.
I would think that when it comes to kickers there would be more crossover between football and soccer. I think there woudl be alot less missed field goals. 
If there were a compelling case for a women, I think a team would hire her. Well, its been great chatting with you! Have a good day! Enjoy football!
Yes it has been very educational. I learned quite a bit about it. 
Thanks!
Do you like to watch football?
I love watching football, how about you?
It's not my favorite sport to watch, honestly.  I prefer to watch soccer, tennis, skiing, ice skating.  But that's just me.  What is your favorite football team?
I like the vikings and the university of iowa for college, you?
Honestly, I'm not sure.  Maybe the Patriots because I'm from New England?  But honestly, they have won a lot and I like underdog teams.
I like underdog teams too. Did you ever hear about Iowa and their pink locker room for their opponents?
I have.  I am not sure how I feel about that.  I think its stupid and sexist.  They should instead paint it some bright neon distracting color.
I think they use pink for psychology purposes, not sexism. It is a natural calming color and it is used to relax the other team
Really? Hm.  Did you know the NFL has no written rule against female players?
I did not know that, I wonder why there hasn't been a women playing before, not even a kicker
I think it is because they still have to meet the league's eligability requirements.  Speaking of sexism tho, New Orleans saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player.  If they are eating in a restaurant and an NFL player enters, they are required to leave.  Crazy!
I heard that, that is sexism 101! I wonder why no one has taken them to court over that. Now is the time to end that
Yes.  Imagine you are in the middle of eating your meal, and you have to leave because an NFL football player walked in?
Right, that is not cool at all. Let them enjoy their meals!
Seriously.  Like I can imagine a rule against socializing with football players of the opposite team, but to have to leave the restaurant is absurd.
That is true things need to change. Did you hear about tracking chips in shoulder pads for players now?
I have heard about that.  Makes sense.  Did they not have them before "Deflategate". Lol
Maybe they were created because of that lol! I bet they were created by engineers who make more money in their lifetime than most nfl players
That is surprising, but then I guess NFL players have a short career time while engineers have a long career.
For sure, I should have dreamed to be an engineer as a kid! It was so nice chatting with you!
But then, good for the engineers, because being one requires a lot of skill and knowledge.  And it's very important for keeping everyone in society safe.
For sure, have a great weekend and enjoy your day!
do you watch the NFL?
Yes I do. Do you like Brady?
Yes I do Did you know he was a backup QB in high school?
Yeah and he was never started when they were not doing well
Yeah. Do you know who Alex Smith is?
Yes he is the Qb that finished college in two years
Yeah he took lots of AP tests in high school
Yeah smart kids really planned ahead of time
Yeah. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yes it was Paul Hubbard who was deaf and did not want the other team to understand him
Yeah cool trick. Baker Mayfield wanted to quit football to become a gamer
WOw better that he did not. Do you you U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
Yes and I wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on them
I wonder too. In the 60s bowlers made more than football players
Yea I guess it was not as popular of a sport back then
True. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes that was 222-0  when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yeah that was back in 1916 and that was quite something
Yeah. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes for the superimposed yellow line
Yeah it has made game watching much easier for us
I enjoy the NFL. How about yourself?
I do to, but don't really follow the NFL...but wish I could!
Sometimes it's difficult with so many games. Did you know that there are no written rules against female players?
Really? That's cool. I wonder if there will ever be any female players in the NFL, like maybe a quarterback! Haha
They still have to meet requirements and with the size of those men I kind of doubt it. While I am glad they do not have rules against female players, I am angered by the sexist way in which the Saints treat their players. 
I agree! Being forbidden to eat in the same place as they do is ridiculous. They even have to leave if they were there 1st! Football can have some crazy rules even outside of the game.
You got it but I meant to say players not cheerleaders even though they are team players in their own way. Yes I do not understand why they would have to stop eating and leave. That's ridiculous and I can't think of a single good reason for it. It seems humiliating. 
Oh, gotcha. Yes it is definitely insane if you ask me. Very humiliating! I do like how the university of Iowa painter the locker room pink for visitors haha, crazy!
That seems like some kind of psychological warfare. Did you know that in the NFL they use tracking chips on players and footballs to track their every move? I wonder why they don't use that to make calls instead of just relying on reviews?
Wow, didn't know that, but I agree! It would make sense! There was a Patriot's player who never fumbled the football in his NFL career...if they were tracking maybe that would change! I bet he was an excellent player though.
That was Benjarvus Green-Ellis. I believe he was a RB. 
Exactly! So do you have a favorite team or player in the NFL? I like the quartebacks,they are such an important part of the game.
I like the Bears. Their new QB needs some work. How about yourself?
I gotta stay with my home team QB, Josh Rosen...I know, they are not the best but hey, I love them.
They've certainly had their moments over the last few years. Are you familiar with Alex Smith?
They have had there moments! Is he the guy that got his bachelor's degree in 2 years? And became the 1st overall pick in the 2005 NFL draft? 
Yes he did. He entered college as a junior and was working on his Master's when drafted. He's a very smart man. 
Wow, I do remember that. Very smart to get that education. Just like Baker Mayfield....he is an excellent video game player. He even considered quitting football to play video games!
It would certainly be easier on his body. He could always do it later. Are you familiar with Kellan Moore?
Right! Those players get beat up some games. Isn't Kellan a QB?
Yes he is and the only left handed one in the league. 
Do you like football?  i read that Tom Brady in highschool JV team was never allowed to play and now he is the super bowl champion
I love football. Glad the playoffs are here but sad the season is drawing to a close too
I read that the circular huddle was created by Paul D. Hubbard who was deaf and he wanted to make sure his teammates could his hand signals
That is true. Who do you think will be representing the AFC and NFC in the Super Bowl this year. 
I thinkk maybe the saint and chiefs
Are you a fan of either  team?
Yes I like the Saints.  what about you?  Did you know that the NFL has no writtn rule against female pllayers
I hope to see one at least as a kicker in the NFL soon. I like the Saints too
An article I read says that the NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Yeah, they are too busy showing us ads to generate revenue. 
speaking of Saints.  The cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player 
Thats a bit hypocritical of the team and the NFL given their stance against violence against women, don't you think?
Yes, I find it quite odd.  It also says that even if they are already eating at a restaurant and one of the football players come in the cheerleaders are required to leave
I would like to see the NFL season extended by giving another bye week, especially if games are being played overseas
That would make sense.  I saw that an engineers lifetime earnings are higher than an average NFL player 
I find that hard to believe given the enormity of some of the NFL contracts these days
That is actually what I was thinking.  I saw that ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line that represents the first down line for American Football games
Yeah, maybe they will get another one for the projected field goal line they have nowadays for next years awards
I saw that the highest score ever in a football game was when Georgia Tech defeated cumberland 222-0  They must have been a really bad team
I thought the colts were going to score that many during the Houston game yesterday...lol
LOL..I feel bad for that team back in 1916.  It must have been a depressing game to play
Time to watch the football games!
Good evening. Do you like football?
I do like football. Do you have a favorite quarterback?
All time Joe Montana. Did you know The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink 
I didn't. That's an interesting tactic. I think it's pretty interesting that Ben Roethlisberger is the winningest quarterback in the Cleveland Browns stadium.
That is an interesting fact. I also read that the cheerleaders from the Saints can not eat in the same restaurant the players are in
I've actually heard about such restrictions. Seems a little antiquated to me. Did you know that Russell Wilson is still under a MLB contract even though he hasn't played in a regular season game since 2011. He got traded to the Yankees this year.
Wow. I wonder how that was possible?  I don't know much about baseball
Seems an odd thing to do. His contract must not be worth very much and maybe they hope he'll retire from football and start playing baseball again. Wilson is also only one of 2 african-american quarterbacks to have won a super bowl.
Did you know that An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
That is amazing. I guess it makes sense. They apparently have chips in the players shoulder pads and the footballs to record movements and other statistics. 
I did read about that. Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
I actually had no idea. Brad Johnson is the only quarterback in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself. I'd like to see some video of that!
That would be an amazing video.  The circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals.
Clever. Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL. I guess football doesn't attract left handers like baseball does.
I did not know that. Did you know there is no written rules against female players
If I had to guess we'd probably see a female kicker first. Speaking of firsts, the first NFL game was played in 1932 inside Chicago Stadium.
Did you know Tom Brady was a backup quarter back who was never played by his team and they never won a game
Well, I bet they wish that they had played him now. Matt Patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the NFL.
Here's something crazy the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0
Poor Cumberland. College football teams have some of the largest stadiums in the world. In fact 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are college football teams. 
You would think it would be the professional stadiums.
You would, but they're note. High school football stadiums are also somewhat out of control. There is a high school football stadium in Texas that seats 18,000.
Wow that's amazing. Well Texas is a big state.
It is and if there is anywhere that they love football it is certainly Texas. High school football is a really big deal in certain areas. Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team. 
I read that about Snoop dog. Have a great night.
Hi, how are you?
Hello everything good, do you like football? I didnt know there was no rule against a female player.
I do like football. I was shocked about that too. And that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
Yeah that seems unreal as a game tends to last really long, that might explain why an engineer would eventually earn more than a player.
I thought it was because the average career is 2 yeras vs an engineers beings 30 years. Do you have a favorite team?
Yeah that could be it, I do have a favorite team I love the Patriots I became a fan with the rb Benjarvus Green-ellis, crazy how he never fumbled, what about you?
The Saints. New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
Thats kind of demeaning, that shouldnt be a rule.What is your favorite football position?
I like the tight end. What about you?
I like QB, I just like how he seems to be the leader of the team, I like Tom Brady. 
I may like the TE but I do love Baker Mayfield. I love his swagger...
He is a great player, did you know he considered quitting football once to persue a gaming carreer?
Really? I did not. I know he left Texas Tech and went on to Oklahoma as a walk on.
Yeah, it seems like he is a really skilled gamer, he beat anyone in halo 3 no one could beat him at his college
Wow. That's crazy. Do you play video games like that?
Yes I do like to play Halo 3 and other video games, what about you?
I used to play Modern Warfare all the time and then I got married and my priorities shifted. Really haven't played since then.
Yeah that is a good game, I like it as well. I also like the madden game
I used to love madden. I stopped playing for like 15 years and when I returned, I got mollywhopped. It was sad...
I can imagine lol, if you stop practicing then your skills can be seriously hurt. I was pretty good as well I think even a 5 year old can beat me now.
Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Hi. Do you like football at all?
Hello there, I do like football, I usually follow pretty closely during the season.  How about you?
Me too. Have you watched Patrick Mahomes of the Kansas City Chiefs?
I have, I was hoping that he would have gone to the super bowl this season.  How about you?
I'm a New England Patriots fan so I'm glad that he didn't but he will go to the super bowl eventually with the numbers that he put in this season.
Yeah you sure are glad then, your team has been dominating the last decade or so I would say.  Speaking of QB's, do you know who the only left handed one in the league is?
I believe its Keelan Moore but I'm not sure.
Good call! Yeah it's him, I am surprised there aren't more.  Did you know Baker Mayfield is an excellent video game player?
Yes. I heard somewhere that he is a very good Halo 3 player and that he thought of quitting football to pursue full time competitive gaming.
Yeah that was it, Halo 3, have you ever played any of the Halo games, I used to play the first Halo back when I was at school. 
I loved Halo 3 and I use to play it all the time a few years ago.
I don't think I have ever played that one, 1 and 2 I did.  Speaking of QB's again, do you know which one invented the modern huddle?
I believe if I'm not mistaken it was Paul D. Hubbard.
Good call again!  Yeah and he was a deaf quarterback as well, so that is even cooler!
Wow I didn't know that he was deaf. That is amazing!!!
Do you know what the highest score of any football game ever was?
I think it was something like 222-0 and it happen long time ago.
Yeah it was, way back in 1916, poor Cumberland lost to Georgia Tech, sounds like it was never even a game. 
Yeah!!! It appears that game was over very quick.
Yeah sure does, wonder how many Cumberland fans were left when the final whistle blew. 
Yeah!!! I bet not that many that's for sure.
And only the die hard Cumberland ones too lol. 
Yeah!! It was a very embarrassing performance by them that day.
Yeah and that's an understatement.  Anyways, its been fun talking, I hope you enjoy the rest of your night. 
Hello there, do you follow the NFL at all?
I love the NFL and I do follow it every week when in season.
Yeah I follow as well, mostly my team, but more so when the playoffs come around. 
Who is your team in the NFL?
 I follow the Packers, was a big Brett Favre fan, how about you?  Do you have a team that you follow?
I'm a big New England Patriots fan. We just won the Superbowl against a not so tough LA Rams team.
Nice!  I was hoping for a bit more scoring during the game, but it got very exciting near the end. 
Yes it did with the Rams running out of gas. Do you know by any chance how many minutes does the average NFL game has?
I think I read somewhere it was like 11 minutes or something on average of actual game play. 
You're correct. Do you know if female players can play in the NFL?
That is right!  There is no rule about female players, I think it would be so cool if one did make a roster and played.  
That would be very nice. Did you know that Baker Mayfield considered quitting football at one point?
I think I heard that he was really good at video games so that might be why he thought about quitting, am I right?
Yes that is correct. He is a very good Halo 3 player.
Yeah I think you're right, did you ever play any of those Halo games?
I did and I think I was pretty good.
Speaking of football, did you hear that Espn once won an emmy for football?
No. I didn't know. Do you happen to know for what they won Emmy?
Yeah it was way back when they started putting that yellow line in to show where the first down yard line was, it did help a lot I will say. 
Wow that is very nice. I do agree with you. Do you happen to know who is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL?
Right now, I think it's Kellan Moore, but I could be wrong. 
You're correct. Its is Kellan Moore. Well it was very nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a nice night!!!
Nice!  Yeah same to you, I hope you have a good night. 
Hello, are you a fan of American football?
Yes, I am huge American football fan. Are you?
I am somewhat, I mainly follow interesting facts about it. I'm in New England, I never knew how bad Tom Brady's high school team was!
Yes! Tom Brady has come a long way from Junipero Serra High School Football. I'm curious what Alex Smith studied when he was at University.
That's true, I heard he was so smart he got a bachelor's degree in two years all before declaring for the draft! Guess it really does pay to take AP classes huh.
Smith has plenty of options is the whole football thing doesn't work for him. Just like Baker Mayfield, who could become a full-time competitive gamer
That's interesting though, I wonder if that would have been a better option. A lot of quarterbacks are unique, I heard Kellan Moore is the NFL's only left handed quarterback.
It would be really unique if a woman was playing football. There are no rules against women playing as long they meet the eligibility requirements
Shocking, especially considering I would say the league hasn't successfully represented itself as not sexist. I know in New Orleans, Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if football players come in to eat after them.
That's incredibly disappointing. Even the University of Iowa paints the visiting teams' locker room pink. 
I bet that doesn't really faze people at this point, at least it shouldn't. At least things are improving more than they are getting worse, I believe they use tracking chips in shoulder pads to better track players and learn.
I like your positivity! It's important to innovate. ESPN even won an Emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line.
I bet that wouldn't have happened back when they didn't care about football as much. I think in the 60's bowlers got paid more somehow.
Good point. Football is so risky. Over their lifetime, an engineer would make more than the average nfl or mlb player. It's a much safer route!
That's certainly a shame, and surprising. I feel they should get incentives for exceptional play. Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football his entire career, that should certainly be worth some money.
That is talented. The Bucs should look at signing him. Especially if they fire everyone after their 48-10 loss to the Bears
Oh yeah that's an embarrassing loss for sure. Still it can get worse, I heard the worst loss ever was 222-0, I can't imagine showing up after losing by that much.
Well Ryan Fitzpatrick is still employed by the Bucs, even though he was benched for Jameis Winston is that terrible loss.
I heard James Winston has done some terrible things though, like he was investigated after groping an Uber driver. I don't feel comfortable with him being employed either!
If true, that sort of behavior cannot be tolerated. Even if he was drafted by No. 1 by Tampa Bay in 2015.
Definitely, we'd hope players don't get preferential treatment just based on how valuable they are to the game. Anyway, it was nice talking to you, have a nice day!
Are you a fan of the NFL?
I am! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I am a Vikings fan, but not religiously. Good thing you aren't a saints fan, did you hear how they treat their cheerleaders?
I actually did! I couldn't be one and agree to leave a restaurant simply because an NFL player decided to eat there too. I think that's ridiculous!
Right, very sexist, I hope other teams don't do it. I wonder what the reason is
I'm guessing, but probably to prevent dating the NFL players and socializing with them.
Right and distracting them before big games. Did you know the nfl only has like 11 minutes of actual gameplay
That's crazy since a game typically takes 2 hours or so to actually complete. Football actually can refer to a number of different sports depending on what country/region you use the word "football".
even 3 hours sometimes lol. I know football is soccer everywhere else besides the US lol
Actually, it can refer to rugby, Australian rules football, and Gaelic football as well as soccer. So many variations!
wow, that is so many variations! Do you have a favorite quarterback?
My favorite QB used to be Troy Aikman until I met him and learned how much of an arrogant, rude, inconsiderate person he is. My husband loves Tom Brady. You?
Yikes scary, I never knew that about Troy Aikman! That stinks! Tom Brady is so good!
Yeah, but I still love Emmitt Smith. He was humble and nice. Tom Brady is good! He has 6 Super Bowl rings to prove it!
For sure, did you know in high school though, Tom Bradys JV team never won  a game and the coach refused to put him in!
HAHA! Well he is probably regretting that decision!
I bet lol. Do you follow College football?
Not very much. My husband does though, so we watch UGA play a lot and he likes to watch Sony Michel with the Patriots.
Nice, good team! I am an Iowa Hawkeye fan, did you hear about their  locker room?
Oh yes!!! I heard the visitor's locker room in painted pink!!! HAHA I think that's awesome!
right, it is psychology 101 basically! Great chatting with you! Enjoy your day!
Hi, how are y'all tonight?
I'm still depressed that the Patriots won the NFL Super Bowl.
Why? Did you lose money on a wager or something?
I hate the Patriots because they win every year.   I like the Redskins but they can't keep a quarterback with two working legs.
Legs are overrated. They got that controversial mascots. That will get them noticed! Perhaps they could paint the visitor's locker room pink?
Yes the university of Iowa did that.  It was different!  Back in the 1960s the top bowlers made twice as much as football stars,  Crazy!
I think the bowlers probably bribed them TV people! Football is a better sport, objectively and biblically!
Certainly a lot of tech has come about from football - ESPN won an emmy for the yellow superimposed line
For the U of Iowa, I think they do a pink line for visitors. 
Laugh!  The NFL even uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pads as well as inside the football.
Maybe it's to make sure women aren't posing as men.
Actually women are allowed to play NFL football
No! I can't believe there isn't anything in the rules! Check again!
You must be from New Orleans where the cheerleaders are not even allowed to eat in the same restaurant as a NFL player
Perhaps it's to prevent fraternization. A lot of players can be distracted by cheerleaders.
That is why the engineers earn more money than an average NFL player - not distracted by any girls!
Engineering, like football, is a profession mostly taken up by men, so I'm sure some would be distracted by women in their career.
Trust me - the girls don't want to date engineers - you must be one!
If I am an engineer, then women won't date me. If women won't date me, then I'm an engineer? Where are my earnings then? Well, I enjoyed chatting!
Well 11 minutes of gameplay in the standard NFL game is about how long we chatted.   
I did not earn as much, unfortunately. May the officials be on your side, sir.
Yes perhaps take up bowling and make some more cash.  Good night!
The NFL is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, all the player are eager to lift the trophy.
Some just never seem to get close.  LOL
The NFL has no written rule against female players, women would able to met the leagues eligibility requirement. The first evidence of women playing football is organized in 1926.
Yeah, there is Gaelic football which some women play too.  
The team won the most championship is Green Bay packers, with 13 wins the highest afterwards, Super Bowl with 9 wins.
I am surprised it isnt the Patriots.  They have won 6 alone with Tom Brady as the QB.
Yeah. Pittsburgh steelers also won 6 wins. All the team and coach working hard to lift the trophy.
Did you hear about that one game in 1916, 222-0.  Crazy score.  Georgia Tech was definitely working hard there.
I feel sad for Cumberland. It was the greatest in the history forever. People never forget this defeat.
I dont even understand how a score can get that high, there are usually only 11 minutes of active game play per game.
Yeah. I also feel the same. NFL uses tracking chips in the player shoulder pads to record their movement in the field. This shows how aggressive to lift the trophy.
I think they also use the data to prevent player injury and to improve the pads themselves.  Which is cool
They tracking the ball speed and how players react in the pressure situation.
I bet it changes things for Kellan Moore, hes the only southpaw in the NFL
Yeah. Sports commonly called football in certain places include association football. It is also a team sports, many countries like this game.
Which is what the US likes to call Soccer.  It is also a great game.  
In modern American football, The Quarterback is considered as the leader of the offensive team. Quarterback can also spike.
There was once a deaf quarterback that actually created the modern day circular huddle.
It is very interesting.
Yeah, he didnt want the opposing team stealing his hand signals.
Such tactics are also the part of the game. He want to win the game for his team.
Alex Smith did as well, he stuck around after earning his degree and started work on a masters.
The cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player and If the player comes cheerleaders are asked to take leave the restaurant.
I think that is horrible.  that is no way to treat people.
They are focusing on their game. To avoid distraction. 
What does eating at a restaurant have to do with the game?
The NFL regular season starts from early September to late December. Each team playing 16 games with each other.
That seems like a long time.  Its been nice chatting, but I've got to get going.  Have a nice day
Hi, how are you?
Good, do you follow football? The Ravens did pretty good against the Raiders offense, att Judon had 3 sacks
I don't know the football too good. The sacks are a good thing, yes?
Yea, Matt Judon also had three tackles against the Raiders too, he had an awesome game
The man has the Raiders' number.
Yea, Baltimore usually has great defenses, they are average allowing 1.6 points per drive
That is so stingy! They are tough to play. I guess they are the specter of death for most offences. 
Well Cumberland could have used a miracle back in 1916 when they lost to Georgia Tech 222-0
I think that the Cumberland guys took a dive. They weren't supposed to lose that bad, but they wanted to win a bet. Shameful.
Maybe. There's a running back who has never fumbled a football in his career, Benjarvus-Green Ellis, he played for New England
Mr. Ellis is a legend. He must have a secret technique. Or huge hands. Or special gloves.
I wonder if the tracking chips embedded in players' equipment could reveal the secrets
The tracking chips would be a good way to unlock the secrets of all the concussions the players suffer. I would like to know what they do with the data.
It's crazy that the engineers who design them make more in a lifetime on average than the average NFL player
The engineers don't suffer injuries or concussions either. I figure it's a good gig.
Yea, it's pretty crazy that top bowlers made more than football stars back in the 1960s
I wonder how much that actually was. Did they make money from endorsement for mayonnaise and pizza? Or beer?
Who knows, I wonder if they have many left hand bowlers, the NFL only has one left handed qb, Kellan Moore
I bet they do have left-handed bowlers. QBs? Probably there's an issue with the plays or something. Anyway, great chat!
You too, I'm gonna catch some football on espn and their emmy winning yellow line
That is a good idea. Have a good night!
you too
I don't watch football much, but I have to admit that I do pay some attention to the regular NFL season and playoffs
Do you live in a city with one of the 32 NFL teams?
I do, actually, and that's the team I usually pay attention to. Especially since if there's a home game on a day that I work, it can affect the traffic on my commute home. I wouldn't ever try out for the NFL, though there's no written rule against females
There are 16 team in the AFC and 16 in the NFC.  Which one is in your city?
AFC. They did better this year than usual, though the single-elimination in the playoffs stopped them from going to the Super Bowl
I see,  I am in an NFC city.  We did so poorly that we get the number one draft pick this year.  Since the Browns established themselves in Cleveland, the winningest QB has been a Pittsburgh Steeler, not a Brown's QB
The QB definitely has a lot to do with how well a team does. Though since an NFL game only has about 11 of live gameplay, I wonder how much of it is used by the QB
The QB touches the ball on every play some I would guess at least one third of the gameplay.  He holds it longer on a pass than on a hand-off.  Your team bowed out because the play-offs are indeed single elimination.  It is not like baseball.
Definitely not, though best out of seven is a lot to watch and causes even more traffic than the playoffs do. Whether it's the NFL or MLB, the average engineer is still likely to make more money in a lifetime than the average player. Though QB's are typically above average
My next door neighbor was a running back and made $7 million in one season.  I started as an engineer and made about $4.5 million in my career.  One of us is not average!.  There is one high school stadium in Texas that cost $60 million to build.
He must have been a good player. I've heard those Texans really love their football. I wonder how many in the NFL draft actually came from a high school in Texas compared to other states
I'll bet it is high.  High school football on a Friday night is huge in Texas.  That stadium seats 18,000
Players on that team are probably used to playing under a lot of pressure. I wonder how big the stadium was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 220-0 back in 1916? Then again, that game would have gotten boring seeing all those touchdowns from the same team!
It would be like watching a horror movie.  I was on a high school JV team that lost to the varsity of a smaller school by 74-0.  They ran the clock in the second half even on incomplete passes.  There needs to be a mercy rule.
Maybe that's why the score was so high. There was a high school JV team that not only lost, but failed to score a touchdown the whole season. The backup QB, whom they never put in, was Tom Brady. Big mistake there
That is a story for the ages.  The 3 highest paid employees in the Department of Defense are the football coaches at the service academies.
Of course they are. Football is where the money is now. Though some, like Baker Mayfield, almost quit football to do competitive gaming. I guess he stuck to it as the QB of the University of Oklahoma
I went to Oklahoma.  He did stay and won the Heisman Trophy.  He could beat anyone on the team in Halo.
I guess we'll never know how he would have done in the world of competitive gaming. Paul D. Hubbard was a deaf quarterback and created the circular huddle so he could signal to his teammates without the other team seeing
Necessity does cause inventions.  The first NFL game was on an 80 yard long dirt field.
That sounds like the kind of fields I've played flag football in!
Hello, Do you enjoy football?
Yes, I like it especially out at the live games where you can really get the feel from it.  I heard about Nathan Peterman who completed 5 out of 18 passes for  24 yards and two interceptions - a 0.0 passer rating - while getting sacked three times before getting benched.  Gee.
Wow, I do too! I love going to the games!! That is quiet a performance!! 
Well, a lot of other women know a lot more than me about it.  But, I do know that the sport commonly called football in certain places includes association football which is known as soccer in most countries.  In America, we love what is called Gridiron football.
Yes, I know. Association football is soccer. It can get confusing if your not familiar with it!!
That's the truth.  There are a number of references to traditional, ancient, or prehistoric ball games played by indigenous peoples in many different parts of the world. We love our games!
True, Did you know the Buffalo Bills are equal to the New England Patriots in Superbowl loses!!
I remember hearing that. Something else I recently learned about football is that the league consists of 32 teams which are divided equally between the NFC and the AFC.  I didn't catch on to that before.
I had heard that too! Very interesting... How talented is Benjarvus Green-Ellis in his NFL career to have never fumbled the football?
Yes, he must have very sticky hands. lol. Another interesting football fact is that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
After going to so many games I believe it!! Lots of time to run to bathroom or get a treat!! lol 
I was surprised, it just seems to take so long for the game to be over.  New technology might help though.  NFL now uses tracking chips embedded in the players' shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field.
Yes, that's a great thing to have! Have you heard the author of the Games of Thrones calls the New England Patrots  the Lannisters of the NFL?
Yes, I've heard that too.  Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL at this time?
I would think there would be more than one at this time!! Who knew?  Left handed people are special!!
Another interesting fact is that the circular huddle used in today's American football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so that the other team could not read his hand signals. Amazing. 
Very good idea, especially if your hard of hearing. Do you like avocado ice-cream? Tom Brady loves it!
It's actually very creamy and sweet if you make it correctly.  Go Tom Brady and the New England Patriots. I like him.  Did you hear that the highest score ever in a football game occured in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222 to 0?
Really, I haven't tried it yet, but I like avocados so I think I would if there is enough sugar.  Hard to understand a score getting that high! It must have seemed forever for the losing team.
I know, right?  Did you also hear that Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he entered the university as a junior?  He received his bachelor's degree in two years. That was quick!
He must be a fast learner. Maybe he's got photographic memory! Yes, Go Tom Brady and the Patriots, they have a devoted group of fans!! Good chatt!
Thank you, I thought so too. Have a great night.
Good thing that Jaguars decided against Cousins, he wants too much money. DO you watch football? 
Yes i do!  Curt cousins is greed and selfish
he used to play here for the Redskins. I think he is a good QB, but I'm surprised by how much salary he commands. 
Well, there are not many QBs to choose from, so maybe that's why
Yeah, i can see that. It didn't make a difference for Washington though. They haven't been very good since they were owned by San Snyder
Yeah that's for sure!  That's crazy that keelan moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL
It sort of reminds me of pitchers as well. Lefty's are pretty rare to begin with, and easier to bat against if you are a right hander. But still only 1 left hander in the NFL seems really small. 
yup!  How about tom brady never getting to play on his HS losing season?
I didn't know that. He's a really good QB. He also is rarely injured. I think that is a big part of being successful. 
definitely is!  I like Blake bortles, he actually lived in the town i live in
He's pretty good. I live in the DC area, it is not uncommon to see the players out at some of the local sports bars. I've seen Cousins out multiple times. 
OH that's cool! I would love to see a female kicker in the NFL
It would be interesting. I'm sure there are probably a few qualified candidates. 
i am sure too!  Can you believe only 11 minutes of actual playing time?
Yeah, I can believe it. The plays happen pretty quickly. When I was in high school there was a girl on the football team. 
oh yeah?  my high school had a girl on the team and a boy on the cheerleader team!  LOL
George W. Bush was a male cheerleader for his college I think. I didn't know that engineer's make more than the average MLB player. NFL I can believe. 
well, they need to do a better job at spreading out their salaries over time instead of living in access
Yeah, I also think they don't save and invest their earnings properly over time and it hurts them in the long run. Clinton Portis now drives an uber here around in DC. 
REally?  WOW... talk about poor money management!  Funny how a saints cheerleader has to leave a restaurant if a saints player comes in
Yeah, they have all kinds of rules like that for Cheerleaders. One the players here in DC, Chris Cooley, got in trouble for marrying a cheerleader from the team. 
Crazy!  Well i am out... been fun!  Take care!  Go Eeagles!!!! LOL
Are you familiar with football and the nfl?
Love Football but don't get to watch it at all, hoping to see some of the SB this Sunday
So you must know that the nfl is one of the four major professional sports league in North America
I did i also heard there no written rule that keeps women from playing.
Indeed, I was especially surprised the average nfl game only has 11 min of live gameplay
That's crazy for how much revenue it generates. Now i hear there going to be using tracking chips in the players. 
Well I admit there sure is a lot of action in those short, yet long 11 minutes. I think the chips will help coaches gather data to make better plays and better understand football, especially since they are putting chips in the very footballs themselves.
I understand the football but what's the deal with the need to put them in shoulder pads. 
So they can see how players tend to move around the field, if there is gaps in the formation or how they can improve I guess.
Well ok! Something about tracking chips makes a little nervy. Did you know that the circular huddle was created for a deaf quaterback? 
I only recently found out myself. However, what stunned me the most was the the cheerleaders of the new orlean saints are forbidden from eating in the same restaurants as any nfl players. I wonder why?
I assume that's to deter them from fraternizing. Can't do that if your forced to leave the restaurant. 
Ya but I wonder if there was an incident for them to be so extreme about it. You don't see other teams having such rules
Probably was and they nipped it in the bud before the public got a hold to it. Seems being an Engineer is pretty lucrative, even more so than an nfl or mlb player over there lifetime.
But I think you have to consider that most players probably work for far less years than engineers.
Yeah true that, still an honest profession. i wonder how much more they have to work to be consider having made more money?
Hmmm a great question. In any case, give your interest in football, what position do you like? Personally, I am most interested in the quarterbacks
Apparently Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL, that's strange. 
Quite a coincidence. I wonder if being left handed as a quarterback is advantageous or disadvantageous. This would really matter given that quarterbacks are the core of the team's offense.
Yeah your right. I just remember as a kid hating that the ball spun the wrong way, haha! Iowa's coach had the visitors locker room painted Pink. 
In any case, this was a pleasant conversation about football. I hope you get to see some of SB this sunday and thank you for the chat.
Are you familiar with the NFL? It's the most professional level of American football.
A little bit. The NFL allows women to play.
There is no rule that prevent female players to join the NFL.
I wonder if women will join. 
I don't know.  I would not encourage women to join the NFL.  The sports are very rough and physical.
A lot of players get concussions. 
It's true.Their quarterbacks are paid a lot.  They must be good players and leaders.
Yes, but engineers tend to make more.
I do not think so.  The new QB for 49ers is paid $135 million dollars for a five-year contract.
Not all players make that much. Alex Smith was a junior when he entered college.
He is a  very smart guy.  He got his bachelor degree in two years.
Yeah, some junior colleges offer programs like that for free to high school students.
Alex Smith took many AP classes at high school.
He was smart. A deaf quarterback invented the huddle.
I heard about it.  He did not want the other team to read his hand signals.
I wonder if they could. Sign language is hard to learn.
If I were a professional team and there was a need to understand sign language, I would probably hire a translator.
Never thought of that. Even now, translators make a lot of money.
True.  Do you know that Baker Mayfield from University of Oklahoma considered quitting football?
I don't blame him. It's a dangerous sport. 
He wanted to pursue competitive gaming instead.  He was very good at playing halo 3.
You can get paid to do that?
I really do not know how Mayfield planned to make more money by quitting football.
Interesting. It was nice talking to you. Good night.
Hey there what do you think about the Dallas Cowboys. Do you think they have a chance this year?
Hello there, I was hoping they would have made it further this past season, we'll see though.  Are you a Cowboys fan?
Yeah I like the Cowboys a little bit. The quarterback Cam Newton is a good guy. I do think the Redskins are a formidable team though.
Yeah he is, and the Redskins have been up and down the last decade or so. 
Well who's your favorite quarterback? I know that I really like Tom Brady personally
Tom Brady will go down as one of the best, if not the best.  I was always a big Brett Favre fan. 
Oh I agree with you! I think a lot of quarterbacks are actually really talented, like Alex Smith, he passed out of a lot of classes in college because he did so well on the APs
Yeah it sounds like Alex Smith could have gone into plenty of different fields if he didn't choose football. 
Yeah I agree, he almost got a master's degree before he went into the draft, what do you think about the circular huddle? Did you know it was invented by a deaf quarterback?
I think that is one of the most interesting and coolest facts about pro football!
Yeah I agree with you, I used to play a lot of video games in college and apparently Baker Mayfield was almost a professional video game player, I didn't know that.
I didn't know that either, I think he is really good at one game in particular as well, do you know which one?
Yeah it was Halo 3. I was actually also good at that game haha. If only we went to the same College I could have played him, maybe I should have been a professional videogame player LOL
That is hilarious, I used to play a lot of Halo 1 and 2 back when I was in college.  Ohhhh Halo 2 and Milwaukee's best light beer. lol 
Haha yes those were the days! I was the best at Halo 1 and Halo 2, but I did play Halo 3, I actually did win some tournaments for Halo 1. What would you think if you entered a locker room and it was painted pink btw?
That must have been really fun to play in those.  Yeah I think I have heard that before, that is hilarious!
Yeah if it's at the University of Iowa, they painted the opposing team's locker room pink. I wonder if that increase or decrease their winning percentage afterwards though? It would make me play harder
That is a very good question, and I want to know who gave the final ok for them to do that!
What other games are you good at? Are you good at bowling at all? They used to make more than professional football players back in the 60s
I can bowl a little bit, but that just goes to show how far the NFL has come since then!
I agree! do you ever watch football on TV? I like knowing that ESPN won and Emmy for the yellow line that shows first down during games
I had no idea women could be in the NFL. Did you?
I had no clue as well!  I am learning so much from these chat hits!  I dont keep up with football in generall,  do you?  Do you have a favorite team?
Not really but most of my friends are into it. It seems a bit boring. 11 minutes of game play on average seems small.
Yeah.  I like going to football games,  the enviornment is really exciting.  Watching it on tv is really boring. My whole family loves football.  Im not really into it either.  this is interesting though: Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Wow! That I was unaware of. Although it makes sense as technology can help figure out what they need to work on. Probably why they get paid so much but apparently an engineer makes more in a lifetime than a pro baller. 
wow,  that is crazy considering football players are pretty much putting their health and safety at risk all the time. 
I know. Kind of funny that its the quarterback that gets the most attention when the others seem to put more wear and tear on their bodies. 
Right!  Except this,  its pretty impressive: Superbowl winning quarterback, brad johnson, is the only quarterback in nfl history to throw a touchdown pass... to himself.
How is that even possible? I just found out that the huddle was created because a deaf quarterback could give hand signals without the other team seeing. Personally I am more impressed that he is deaf. \
Thats insane.  But thats nice that the nfl was willing to make a huddle to accomodate that player!  
Yeah, that was pretty cool of them. Do you watch any college ball? 
not at all!  I only watch the 49ers games and the Superbowl.  But really I know nothing about the game,  I just cheer when I hear "touchdown"
Yeah, I dont either. I read once that NFL cheerleaders dont get paid by the NFL although Im not sure how true that is. 
Right,  they dont even get paid for expenses for traveling to the game,  I think.  They get paid from some cheerleading organization.  I knew a cheerleading coach.  That seems hard as a career. 
Apparently New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are forbidden to be seen eating in the same restaurant as a player and if a player comes in a restaurant they are eating at, the cheerleader has to leave. That seems rude to me. 
Wow,  whats the deal with that?  I thought we were past segregation.  lol 
LOL! I know, right? I actually was at a Dennys once when a Saints player came in with his agent after a game. Didnt see any cheerleaders though and to be honest, wasnt all that impressed. 
Did you know, Those humongous american flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make.  Really?  Thats crazy amount of money to spend on a flag. 
That is insane! I wonder where they get them from. 
Probably Etsy, haha.  Yeah Im not sure.  just a ridiculous fact about football lol
I hear ya! Well, have a good night!
Hi, how are you over there? Are you feeling good? 
Hi! Yes, pretty great Thank you! just finished watching some football videos. Are you a fan of Football?
I do not usually watch the football. It is violence, and my household does not truck with violence on TV, only in person.
Haha! I agree it is a very aggressive sport. Which got me wondering why I hadn't seen any female football players did you know there are currently no written rules against female players in the NFL.
I think that violence against women would be an queer spectator sport, even in America. Is there a sport with violence against the women?
Um, no I don't think so, but did you know an average nfl game is only 11 minutes of gameplay? 
Thats scandalous. Therre should be some sort of law about minimal work time or something.
Yes, It makes me ponder how much times have changed. Back in the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
How much money was that exactly? I dont think either of them groups made much. I guess the bowlers got all the women and the glory though. They were graceful ahtletes.
Im not sure, but yes there seems to be a lot of irregularities within the sport for instance New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are not allowed to be in the same restaurants as any of the players.
I think thats a sexist form of misogyny or seomething along those lines. The men should be chivalrous and leave the women. 
To each their own I suppose, speaking of lines, That super imposed yellow line you see in the game, ESPN has won an emmy for that. Did know that was possible.
I think ESPN should try to put a line where the cheerleaders are so that they dont have problems with players. That would be chivalrous of ESPN. What does ESPN stand for?
I think people should just have some common sense but I don't see that happening anytime soon. The NFL uses tracking devices to track players on the field, im sure that a way to keep tabs on players
I think they could track them off the field too. Too many of them guys get into all kinds of criminal mischief. They need some help.
in that case the whole world would be tracked, I think we can think of better ways than to "control"
NFL players are role models for many young people. I am not. I cannot speak for you. I figure that if they don't get into trouble, they dont need tracking. But some of them,.. I dunno.
Thats a whole other subject we dont have enough time here for. but this would be a whole different place if more Love was implemented the current system has people going crazy and violence is out of hand, we must look within oneself.
I suppose that we are running out of time. The NFL should invent a chip to help up look within ourselves not just track each other. What is inside? Chips might just help us there.
I disagree, we have everything we need to look within ourself... you would just be giving YOUR power away by allowing to get chipped. Someone else in control of you and your decision. This plante would no longer be free will. The NFL should just stick with tracking balls to track speed and rotation
I feel lost sometimes and am willing to try the chips. I trust the science of the soul. Anyway, thanks for the heart to heart chat. Peace.
Meditate, I feel the same way! but have found answers looking within, you need nothing else, change your vibration and your outlook in life and life will reciprocate. Itll be challenging but its worth it. Then and only then you will be free. Nice chatting with you too! Namaste. In Love and Light.
I love football, but not a big fan of the Panthers. How about you? Are you a fan of the NFL?
i dont know the game very well. you dont like the panthers? why not?
Well, Im not just not a fan of the Quarterback Cam's attitude. Although their offense is on point lately.
i guess the quarterback is the most prominent person on the team. he sets the tone of a lot of things.
What it amounts to is he really only had a couple of exceptional season. He convinced everyone he is Superman, that is his nickname.
so he is past his peak. didnt his team play in the superbowl recently? i think i remember they lost.
They based everything on a guy who cant hold his temper. He acts out when he cant throw and blames others.
so much of the game's success depends on personality and integrity. cant teach that. either you got it or you dont.
Yep, I agree with you. Some people like Cam are not ready for the long career. Turner began to take the pressure off Cam by scheming more throws to the running backs.
you gotta work with the players you have, not the ones you want. the NFL is an interesting study in personality. i wonder how women would fare in the nfl.
Yeah, good question. Ya know the NFL does not have a rule against women playing.
ive heard as much. i figure if a woman could do the job, theyd hire her. i just dont think it will happen.
I think anything is possible but no women have met the leagues eligibility requirements yet. The size of the men are so big it would have to be a really amazon type of women.
yes, maybe genetic engineering will help us out there. it will be like starship troopers. that would be fun.
Oh yeah, ha cool. Ya know the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can not be at the same restaurant with the football players. If they are in the same place the cheerleaders have to leave immediately. WOW
that rule must come from somewhere, but i cant figure out where. was there a problem with romantic relationships? strange outdated rule.
Oh yeah, that's a good point. Maybe it has something to do with that. I know that games go by too fast for me, being a big fan, I want to see more play time. 
yeah, i hear you. 11 minutes sounds like a rip off. i figure that the union got involved! LOL
Haha, I want the whole two and a half hours of play time. Alex Smith is such a good QB that he might extend the games with how smart he is. He was able to get his bachelors in two years. It usually takes four years.
Yeah, he really was bright and focused. More students should do that and get through faster. Anyway, great chat!
I know and I agree with the fact that the players need to focus on education and football. Baker Mayfield almost took it too far by focusing on gaming and wasn't gonna go for football but rather try to be a professional gamer, gesh.lol. Have a good one.
I have an article about football. You?
I'm a fan of football. I could do with less commercials though. They have like 11 minues of live gameplay in the average broadcast.
isn't that Crazy? The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback.
Yeah he was Tom Brady. Weird.
It's crazy! Alex smith took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years, and began working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft.
Smart guy. Speaking of college the University of Iowa has a pink locker room. I think you'd always remember that one.
yes, you would know what to expect!The circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals.
Innovative. The NFL tracks everything with chips embedded in the players pads.
they like to get alot of info!  the quarterback is usually considered the leader of the offensive team, and is often responsible for calling the play in the huddle.
Did you know there's only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL?
no! The quarterback also touches the ball on almost every offensive play, and is the offensive player that almost always throws forward passes.
That's a lot of responsibility. Baker Mayfield, QVB and Oklahoma, almost quit football to be a professional video gamer. I wonder if he played Madden at all?
no idea! Sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football
Interesting. There are a lot of definitions. I'm assuming they all kick a ball at some point.
me too! Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
Nice hands! I wonder if frisky hands is why New Orleans cheerleaders and the football team can't eat at the same restaurant.
Thats a good question! :)
Sometimes wish I could get more games than the 16 games in the NFL season.
I think alot of people feel that way. Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
Very cool. I wonder if any women will ever play in the NFL. There's nothing in the rules that says they can't.
That would be fun to see!  different variations of football are known as football codes.
Yeah it would. I think there's more money as an engineer though over your lifetime.
What NFL team does Colt McCoy currently play for?
McCoy plays for Washington.  He has been in Washington for years.
How much did he sign for in his most recent extension?
He could get up to $7 million dollars.  Not bad for being a backup.
Not at all!    There was some sort of playing clause in it, wasn't there?
I sure there are some playing incentives to get to the full $7 million.  
I thought there was something about McCoy possibly becoming a free agent.
He has stuck with the Redskins through RGIII and Kirk Cousins, and is now behind Alex Smith.  He seems happy there.
I suppose so, particularly after being drafted by Cleveland?   Do you remember which year that happened?
2010 maybe.  McCoy is one of about a zillion QB's drafted by the Browns.
That's pretty funny!    He went somewhere else before coming to Washington.    Do you know where?
He also spent some time in SF.  But he is happy now with the Redskins and coach Jay Gruden.
I can see that, although he wants to be a starter.   His 2014 run wasn't great though.    Know any of his stats from that year?
McCoy was 1-3 as a starter in 2014.  There is a reason he is a backup.
True, although you never know.     Have you heard about the Junipero Serra High School JV backup QB?
Yes, it's the high school that refused to start Tom Brady, even though they failed to score a touchdown the entire season.
Pretty amazing!    How many teams are in the National Football League anyway?
There are 32 teams, divided evenly into the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC).
After a 17-week season, the playoffs end this week before their big game.   What is it called again?
Some call it the Super Bowl.  But if your a commercial business and haven't signed a licensing agreement with the NFL, you have to call it "The Big Game".  Ha!
That's pretty funny!    A long way from the 1960's, when bowlers made twice as much as football stars!  Thanks for all this great information!
Hello!
Hi, how are you?
Doing well, and yourself? 
Very well, thanks. Do you enjoy football?
I do! Did you watch the Super Bowl last night?
I did! Although I did fall asleep during the 4th quarter and woke up when trophy was being handed out... Did you watch?
Lol! Can't say I blame you - it wasn't an overly exciting game
It wasn't... The glass of whiskey might have helped my sleep... Did you watch it?
I did - I wasn't even a huge fan of the commercials which is normally my favorite part
I thought they were just ok too. Who were you rooting for?
Anyone but the Patriots lol - so Rams last night. Normally I am more of a MN person
Uh oh... I am from Chicago so we have an NFC North friction. Just kidding, we are united by our hatred of Green Bay!
Haha, yes! Mutual hatred always makes for entertainment! Did you have any favorite commercials?
I liked the NFL 100. It's' the only one that really stood out to me. Plus my kids were watching next to me and talked the entire time...
Ah yeah that would definitely make it tough. Have you paid any attention to some of the NFL rule changes over the last couple of years?
Yeah. What do you have in mind...
What are your thoughts on the new helmet rule when making contact?

My head understands it but my heart wants to see bone crushing hits. At the same time seeing the older NFL players struggle in daily life is tough...
Yeah, I agree. It's kind of like going to a hockey game and they can only slap each other lol. Similar thoughts on the roughing the passer changes?
The QBs are protected pretty well so I would like to see some rules to help the def...
That's an interesting thought - I've never thought about it from the other side. Do you have anything specific in mind?
Not really but there are times when the DEF is flagged for a simple hit that should not be flagged. Any way, thank you so much for the chat. I really enjoyed this one. I hope we get paired in the future...
Do you like football?
I do like football! Do you?
I do, in what conference is your favorite team?
NFC North, the Bears. Yours?
AFC East, Patriots, are you watching the Superbowl this year?
Nice... Yeah, I will be watching it. I guess I do not have to ask who you are rooting for?
Patriots for sure lol, too bad the Bears didnt make it, Im counting the days for Sunday.
What are you doing for the game
Gathering with friends what about you? doing anything special ?
No, I love to cook game day food so I will cook some wings and gumbo or jambalaya and eat that. I do not like watching with people because they ask me too many questions. I like to use the commercial breaks to relax, get food or go potty and everyone wants to watch those instead and I get yelled at to sit down so I stopped being social for that game.
Yeah I get you, it can be stressful specially if your gathering at your home, you know the Saints cheerleaders have to leave if a player arrives to a restaurant.
Seems sexist! Are you staying at your place or going somewhere else? 
Staying at my place, but its only a few of us so I dont think it would be stressful.
That's nice. My wife loves to have people over for the games but hates the games. Seems weird to me but she just into having fun.
Thats funny lol, I bet she doesnt know about the tracking chips players have in their shoulder pads, thats a cool fact I will share Sunday for sure.
She doesn't know about those chips but she knows about doritos and fritos!!! So good...
I guess thats a better thing to know lol, you know the average gameplay is of only 11 minutes!!
That's a short time. Kellan MOore is the only left handed QB in the NFL.
Really? I would have thought there were at least a couple more!
Yeah, me too. Do you like Baker Mayfield?
I do like him, I think he is a great player.
Me too! Nice chatting with you and good luck this weekend!
Did you know that there is only one left handed quarterback in the nfl. 
Wow, only one impressive, I am left handed and I would be a minority in the NFL
Yes indeed, lol. do you know who Baker Mayfield is? 
I have . I think he is the QB from the University of Oklahoma
Indeed he thought at one time to leave football for competitive gaming. Apparently he had a favorite game. Do you know it?
He was pretty good in Halo 3... by the way do you know how the circular huddle was created?
I though it was so the other player couldn't see what the QB was saying.
It was created by a deaf QB Paul D Hubbard!!
Oh ok that makes sense as well. You know theres no written rule that prevents women from playing in the nfl?
Wow, I wonder if any women had tried!! They could earn more money by being engineers!
Yeah over the long haul, i would rather do 10-15 years on the field and leave with my millions than 40 plus. What about you?
Exactly i would do the same as you! Hey did you know what they did in the university of iowa visitors locker room?
Too funny somebody told me that the looker room is painted pink. That would just make me mad.
That is funny intimidation, more like a joke!
Right i think they thought they were going to intermediate the other team. You know the average game only has 11 minutes of live game play?
Wow, sounds too short.. but the whole show with the stops is very enjoyable to me and now is more interesting with data that is tracked by chips
Yeah and the tracking chips are in the shoulder pads as well. Soon will be watching A.I.'s playing.
looks like we are going in that direction! Did you know bowlers earned more than football players in the 60's?
Yeah i was told twice as much that's crazy! How about the rule about New Orleans cheerleaders. Have you heard about this sexist thing? 
It is terrible!! They cannot eat where any NFL players eat!!
Right and if there already eating and a player comes in then they got to get a doggy bag. 
Awful!! So unfair. that should not be happening!
Do you know who played the highest scoring college game in history?
that was more than 100 years ago! it was Georgia tech and cumberland
Yup 220-0 that hurts i would have hated to be on the bus ride home.
That is so sad for cumberland!! Well It has been a nice chat!
It was have good day!
Who do you like better, the Falcons or Redskins?
I am not really a football fan, how about you?
I like football, but I'm not as big of a fan as I used to be... I play fantasy football a lot though, so I follow the league pretty closely.
Interesting. I heard in the season that the redskins won three and a row after a terrible loss to the Saints
Yeah, the Redskins are a good team.  They have a running back named Adrian Peterson who is very good.  At one time he was the best player in the league, but is now old and close to retirement.
He is the NFL's leading rusher and wasn't even in the team's plans until late August. He's a big part of the offense.
Yes he is; do you feel Washington's offense is good enough to keep up with Matt Ryan, Julio Jones, and the rest of Atlanta's high powered offense?
I have no idea but Redskins secondary has struggled against the pass. I've heard that but not sure what that means. Can you enlighten me?
Sure, Atlanta has one of the best quarterbacks in the league, Matt Ryan.  He is very good at passing the ball.  Unfortunately, Washington has a very poor defense and are not able to defend against teams that pass the ball well.  The "secondary" are the defensive players responsible for defending the pass.
Wow, thank you for the explanation. Apparently Washington recently made a trade to boost its defensive backfield, to get safety Ha Ha Clinton-Dix.
Yes, he came over to Washington from Green Bay.  Since Washington's defense was so poor, they decided to trade for Clinton-Dix, who is very good at defending against a passing offense.  Unfortunately, Quinton Dunbar is injured with a nerve issue in his lower leg.  I'm not sure if Clinton-Dix will be enough to stop Atlanta.
Yeah, I heard he is a physical defender who can fly to the ball and kind of limit Atlanta's receivers' comfort.
Even though Atlanta will be passing the ball a lot, I suspect Washington will primarily run the ball.  Atlanta has been struggling this season and Washington is very good at running the football.
If the Redskins let Ryan stand in their pocket, it might be a challenge for them.
Do you understand what it means to "stand in the pocket?"
I have a slight idea but perhaps you can enlighten me again!
When a quarterback has the ball and wanting to pass it to a receiver, he has five teammates on the offensive line that is protecting him from being tackled.  The barrier these five offensive lineman create is called "the pocket."  If they do their job, the quarterback can stay inside of the pocket and deliver a good pass.  If not, he will have to try to run and get away.
You are awesome at explaining things. Maybe if you were around on game days I could actually understand football! I only watch durign the Super Bowl. I guess I will wait to watch my next game the first Sunday of next February.
Football can be somewhat intimidating to try and understand, but the rules are fairly easy.  Knowing that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, do you ever think a woman will play?
I actually read about a woman kicker who is playing on the men's college football team. Maybe she is our next hope.
It would be fun to see a woman in the NFL.  The kicker is a good position for the first woman to play.  They rarely get tackled and have rules protecting how hard they can get hit.  I still feel that a very strong woman could play another position and tackle just as well as the men could.
I hope so. The NFL seems a bit sexist though. I know football players are more important but still, when New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are already eating in a restaurant, they have to leave if Saints players come into the restaurant.
Hello Are you a football fan?
hi how are you? sometimes i follow football. You?
I do a little bit. Did you know the highest score in a football game was 222-0 nothing. Thats a lot of points.
What happened there? the winning coach should be ashamed. what is the point of that drubbing?
That is crazy. You never know though. He may have put his third string in and they were still just way better. 
Yeah, that's true. i wonder why cumberland scheduled that game. no point.
I bet they didnt schedule it again for awhile. Lol. In the 1960s top bowlers made more than football stars. That i really hard to believe.
the NFL was just starting out and i guess the fan base was not big enough. plus the players probably didnt have a union
I jut cant see bowling being something people would really watch. It is fun to play, but I dont know about watching.
i guess the fans followed the sport because they played as well. probably a lot of local leagues, and that raised interest in pros.
Hey espn one a emmy for the yellow line that shows where first down is.
That is amazing! an award for a line? must have been a soft year for awards. LOL
It was a really good idea. It will probably still be being used when every actor alive today is dead.
yes, it is a standard part of the broadcast. i cant imagine the game without the superimposed graphics.
It sure i. So what do you think about the university of Iowa painting the visting locker room pink?
I figure that it has some effect, but is it enough to matter? if so, then every team would do it.
So no rule about women in football. Do you think it will ever happen?
I wonder. maybe at some positions that would be ok? like kicker or punter?
Maybe. There is only about 11 minutes of actual gameplay. Kicker is, what? 1 percent of that?
yeah, not much contact for the kicker. probably pretty safe at the high school level too. anyway, great chat!
You to. Have a great day.
good morning to you!
Hi. Do you like sports? Do you like football?
I enjoy some football, are we talking about American football or European football?
American football. Especially the NFL National football league. Do you have a favorite team of the 32?
i do, i root for the Pats. how about you?
I do not know much about football. I do know about the Patriots. I learned that the quarterback with the most wins was Ben Roethlisberger for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
hes pretty good, hes been a team staples for as long as i can remember. hes a great QB
I learned that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL. I thought there would be more.
i wonder why that is. do you think it has to do with how they have to turn their body to throw?
That is a great point. I did not think of it that way. There is a quarterback who threw a touchdown pass to himself!
imagine how cool that would look? i bet he felt so bad ass when he did that
And did you know that there are only 2 African American quarterbacks to have won the superbowl?
which is surprising to me because the NFL is pretty diverse. did you know there is nothing in the rules that says a woman cant play?
That is great to know that anyone can play. Even a rocket scientist is coaching in the NFL.
i bet he some pretty great ideas and strategies for his team!
I bet he knows a lot about the humongous American flags at the stadium that weigh 1100 pounds.
is that how much that thing weighs? good god i cant imagine seeing what it looks like all folded up!
Yes and they cost 50,000 dollars to make! That is one hefty flag!
50k???? Im in the wrong business!
Well thanks so much for chatting. I learned a lot about football today.
likewise, take care
Do you watch the NFL? I think it is the best form of any of the different types of football!
Hi! I do watch when I can But yes I love the NFL.
Awesome! I am not a huge Ravens fan but I think that it would be interesting if Flacco was replaced by lamar Jackson.
I agree! Lamar Jackson is a great quarterback and that would be a great fit!
Yeah definitely would be fun to watch. I think quarterbacks get a lot of publicity because they are essentially the offensive leader.
Definitely! Lamar Jackson has a really impressive record, He rushed 1,500 yards and and pass for over 3,000 yards in a season to name a few!
Yeah and winning the Heisman Trophy is no easy feat either! The Ravens playbook should cater to Jacksons strengths.
My thoughts exactly, the NFL should be proud to have him as a quarterback. He will be introduced into some new schemes they have going so he will be even better.
Yeah. I also enjoy football because it is a family sport. It's crazy that there is only 11 minutes of actual action in an NFL game.
It is a great family sport, and true so little actual live play for so many hours in a game. I like to watch the quarterbacks the most, Tom Brady is also fantastic.
Yeah Tom Brady is a champ, definitely one of the greats! Apparently the circular huddle was developed for a deaf quarterback. Interesting that it stuck.
I read about that, pretty amazing and smart! Football and the NFL history is full of fun facts!
Yeah. And there is only one left handed quarterback-Kellan Moore. Must not be that much of a good thing otherwise there would be more!
I would think being left handed in Football would be very challenging. I wonder if the tracking devices are the same when placed in a left handers shoulder pads.
Good question. Baker mayfield almost quit football to be a competitive gamer can you believe that? These players are so talented in many things. 
Right? They have options which is great. I find it interesting that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an NFL player....crazy!
Yeah that is surprising. Engineers are really smart but I still would want to be an NFL player. Just more fun and exciting even if I make less money. 
True! Although being an NFL player your chances of injry are so high and you can't play that hard for too many years. I also heard that pro bowlers made twice the money as a football player years ago hahaa, weird!
haha bowling is definitely fun but I would never guess it would be lucrative. I wonder how much they make nowadays? 
I agree! Do they even have pro bowling anymore? Lol, haven't seen that in awhile. I will stick to watching the NFL haha
Haha same. well it was nice talking with you! Have a great night!
Case Keenum, the next Broncos quarterback.  He had a great year for the Vikings in 2017.
He has a cool name. I hope he performs up to his name for Elway's Broncos!
He's been mediocre his whole career, then had a career season with Minnesota.
Makes you wonder why the Vikings passed on making him their franchise player.
I think they believe 2017 was a fluke.  Minnesota has its eyes on Kirk Cousins.
So Keenum moves on with free agency, just like his fellow Vikings, Bradford and Bridgewater--two other cool names. 
Denver was loaded with mediocre QB's in 2017, too.  Siemian, Lynch, Osweiler.
Yeah, and they traded up in the 2016 draft to get Lynch, and that did not work out for them.
Looks like Denver won't draft a QB for 2018 with Keenum in hand.  That will be good for the Bills, who are trading up.
Ah, the Bills. Searching for that fifth Super bowl loss. Just like Elway said about Dencer, Buffalo needs to get better at that spot too (QB that is).
You need a good quarterback to do well.  Look at how Denver has fared since Peyton Manning retired.
True. Brings a tear to my eye remembering Elway and Manning in the Orange Jersey..
GM Elway thinks the Broncos are close, and Keenum could put them in super Bowl contention.
Yeah. I guess the NFL will be putting a chip in Keenums shoulder pads in Denver soon to monitor his position on the field. Hopefully he will stay in Denver long enough to make it on the field.
Or maybe Denver will use Keenum to groom a new young quarterback.
That could happen. The Orange could use Matt Patricia as coach, the only rocket scientist in the NFL.
Yes, the NFL takes all kinds.  There are no rules against women playing.
Yeah. If Patricia writes the plays, he takes inspiration from his old RPI fight song, where they mention such football-savvy terms as Sine, cosine, and tangent.
Maybe Patricia should have stuck with rocket science.  Engineers earn more lifetime than the average NFL player.
Yeah, and if you have a bad record, it lives in statistical infamy forever. Like the poor Cleveland Browns. The QB with the most wins in their stadium is not even from their own team, but from their rivals, the Steeler's Roethlisberger.
Maybe the Browns can get Baker Mayfield.  He is excellent at competitive gaming, and might make their game competitive.
Hi there, do you watch the NFL?
Yup. I don't know why, but I do enjoy this game. 32 teams doesn't seem like enough.
Yeah I know. Did you know women can play if they qualify?
Yeah. Which conference do you think will be the first to have a woman, AFC or NFC
I wonder about that, we will have to wait and see I guess. Do you know there are only 11 minutes of game play?
17 grueling weeks, wild card weekend, the playoffs, and then the Superbowl, and all of them only 11 minutes each. Doesn't sound super...
I know. Did you hear about that rule with New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah, what;s the deal with that?  Doesn't sound fair. But neither does having to wear tracking chips to monitor your every move!  NFL even puts those chips in the balls to measure speed, rotation, etc. Sounds a bit overkill for 11 minutes...
Yeah when you think of it that way. And that rule is so sexist, I wonder how they still get away with it
The league is not made up of rocket scientists...well, except for Matt Patricia...
Yeah talk about a career change. Do you know what the highest score in football is?
Are we talking about cheerleaders again?  The high school stadium in Allen, TX seats 18,000 and costs about $60 million. How is that for a score?
Wow that is a lot of money. The highest score was actually 222-0, what a win and a loss at the same time
I wish I had a recording of that  game! You know  those huge flags that display in stadiums can weigh as much as 1100 lbs? It probably takes the whole team to put them away each night...
Wow that is super heavy. U of Iowa visitor locker room is actually painted pink I wonder why?
To hide the pigskin? LOL  You know Snoop Dog wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team? That will get the crowd rocking!
That s for sure. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
What for?  Let me guess, they were acting like they knew what they were talking about?  Brad Johnson deserves an Emmy...he is the only superbowl winning QB to have thrown a pass to himself!
I would have liked to see that actually. They won it for the yellow superimposed line 
OK. I accept that. Just like Brad accepted his own pass, and then scored a touchdown! See me doing my end zone dance?
Haha yeah he must have made headlines with that. It was nice chatting with you
Hi, how are you doing?
Great.  Are you a football fan?
Why yes I am.  How about you?
Did you know that Alex Smith took so many AP classes that he entered college as a junior? Smart quarterback!
No, I didn't know that, but it's probably a good thing he went to college.  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
Omg! and the injuries! Tom Brady is an amazing qB but in high school he was the back up that didnt get to play. I am sure that coach is sorry now!
Yeah, I bet that coach has taken alot of ribbing over the years about not playing the GOAT.
What does goat mean?
Greatest Of All Time, Tom Brady. 4 time Superbowl Champion Lol
OHHHH. speaking of qbs, did you know that there is only one left handed one? Kellan Moore.
Yeah, I would have thought there was more than one, but hey that must give him some kind of advantage, I'm sure.
I also did not know that the huddle came from a deaf qb that didnt want the other team to read his sign language. Interesting?
Yeah, that is interesting. But do you know there is a player that has never fumbled the ball in his entire NFL career?
I cant imagine who it is? Is he playing now?
No, former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis.  Must have been very hard to accomplish that.
What an accomplishment. Did you know the highest score in football was Georgia Tech in 1916? They scored 222 points.  
Whoo, that's alot points.  I don't think that would happen nowadays.  I watched the Superbowl and it was the lowest scoring Superbowl game ever.
Boring! # and a half hours and the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of gameplay. who knew?
I know, but yet we watch anyway. Lol
No wonder the announcers talk so much! and there is no rule against women playing in the NFL. They just have to meet eligibility requirements.
  That would be cool.  Well it's been nice chatting, I need to go walk my dog, talk to you later, friend.
I think the QB is the most important player on the filed.
Most definitely! How are you today?
I am great what about you? do you like football?
I do like football. Im a steelers fan. What about you?
I do like it and also trivia do you know whats the highest score ever?
222 to 0 back in 1916! The losing team must have been asleep!
Sleep or all blind, who loses by that much, an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of gameplay, 
Apparently Cumberland! Hopefully they got better since then.
I sure hope so, did you  know there is no written rule in the NFL agaisnt woman playing in the league!
That is funny. Do you think a woman will ever play in the nfl? I think maybe a kicker if anything.
I dont think they will, men are stronger its just a thing of nature besides they can always get tackled as kickers
True that. Crazy that rb benjarvus green ellis never fumbled once!
I heard he was a great player, never watched him play though, what teams did he play for?
He formerly played for the Patriots.
I see, well it makes sense he had a great team, I wonder how much money he made, I hear engineers will make more money than football players eventually
Probably because their careers are way longer than football players I assume.
That would make sense, they do have longer careers so yeah, also football players tend to have short careers
It is surprising that only one qb in the nfl is left handed.
Only one? wow, whats his name?
Kellan Moore is the only left handed player.
Oh I like how he playes, great fact, anyway its been grea chatting with you I feel a lot more knowledgable about the sport now! thanks
Nice chatting with you as well!
Hello there, are you a fan of the NFL?
Yeah, I usually try to watch during the playoffs. How about you?
Yeah I follow my team during the regular season and then watch most of the playoff games. 
In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. I wonder which athletes were in better shape? Nobody watches bowling the same as they did then.
Yeah isn't that wild, shows how much the sport has grown and bowling, well it's bowling.  I guess the thing to be was a bowler in the 60's though. 
The NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll ever see women in the game?
I think we will, and I think that it would be really cool if that did happen. 
I could see them playing positions like punter or kicker or place holder. I think those are the positions that would be most expected. 
Yeah I think those would be the first positions that we would see a female player.  But, if one made it as a regular field player, that would be awesome. 
She'd have to be big, or fast, or both. An average NFL game has a mere 11 minutes of live gameplay. That's far less that I expected. 
Yeah that seems so low, I know that you notice it a lot more when you go to live games.  On tv, you don't really notice the breaks and all the stopages so much. 
It would be great to see the first down line project onto the actual field. ESPN  won an Emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line. Could we get it at the stadium live?
Yeah I wonder when they will try and do that for the fans that attend live. 
We need a clever engineer to come up with that system. An engineer's average lifetime earnings are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player and an average MLB player. Parents, don't let your kids grow up to be athletes!
Yeah I think the duration of the career is so much shorter for pro athletes, and they just need to know how to invest their earnings correctly!
True. They could use better financial advice. Maybe they could become video game players like Baker Mayfield. There are professional video game players. 
Yeah I don't know if I could beat him at Halo 3 but maybe Halo 2 I could!
Why are cheerleaders prohibited from eating at the same restaurant as players? That seems strange to me.
That seems strange and really outdated to me.  I think they need to think that over. 
Yeah, maybe they had a problem with romantic relationships between the two groups. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you! 
Yeah same here, I hope you have a good night. 
Are you a fan of football? I enjoy pro but not college so much. 
me too, I like college football, but I don't like the idea of it. especially how they treat their players
I also disagree with the treatment of their players. Speaking of college, did you know that the University of Iowa did to the visiting locker room?
I didn't hear, what did they do?
They painted it completely pink!
what! no way. do you think it was to psych out their opponents?
I would assume. So strange. Have you also ever heard what the highest football score ever was?
I did, it was an embarrassment, 222-0. wow. no mercy rule in football I guess, huh
I can't imagine that. How is it even possible to score that many points in one game?!
idk haha meanwhile we have the supervowl score not even reaching a combined 30 points! the team with zero must have just rolled over at one point
Seems to be the case. Did you know that ESPN created the yellow line that shows the first down? Can you imagine watching a game on TV without that line?
it is absolutely necessary to use. I used to think that line was on the field in real life too and they just moved it a lot. then I went to a game and didn't see it
Ha ha, that's hilarious. Have you ever heard of the RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
the name rings a bell but I'm not sure what he did
He played for the Patriots. In his entire time with the Patriots he never fumbled a ball!
wow, what a guy. he must have been a star. Did you hear about Baker Mayfield?
I did not. What about him?
apparently early on in his career he considered quitting football to pursue a professional Halo 3 career. you don't hear that every day!
Oh wow. I suppose if he is still good that he can do it as a second career later. 
that's a big maybe, I don't think the Halo 3 scene is as popular anymore. I think he made the right choice for sure 
Who knows when it comes to competitive gaming. People still compete with Starcraft and that game is old. 
Hey! Guess how the circular huddle used in football came to be!
i never knew that is how it happened but that it's really neat that it is because of a deaf quarterback so the other players could not see his hand signals
Yes! I wonder how its benefitted the game outside of that. I don't actually follow football much. I've just been reading about it lately.
I love football but there are a lot of things i did not know like there is only one left handed quarterback in the nfl his name is Kellan Moore
Yes! It's surprising that there's only one, given the numbers. I wonder why.
Not sure but thats cool.I also just learned that the former patriots running back has never fumbled a football in his nfl career
Yes! Benjarvus Green-Ellis! But how much time did he spend playing? I wonder if he was really good or if he just didn't play much.
LOL i didnt think about that
Yeah, with only 11 minutes of actual play per game, and not all of the players on the field at once, you could get through a season without being on the field for long.
true true! Did you know there were tracking devices in uniforms and in the actual football itself
Yes, the NFL uses shoulder pads with embedded chips.
that's crazy i never would have guessed that and that the new orleans saints cheerleaders are not allowed to dine with the nfl players and if they are eating already the cheerleaders have to stop eating and leave. i wonder why
Yeah, requiring them to leave sounds dubious. Does the NFL compensate them for the meal they miss? Why not just have some kind of communication to prevent that from happening? I mean since they have that rule to begin with.
I agree, you're exactly right, you'd think they would have thought of that instead of drama happening if they do show up at the same spot
Yeah. Today, they could just have an app where players and cheerleaders check into a restaurant. They wouldn't have to communicate with each other, which is probably the point. It would be interesting to interview players and cheerleaders about what they think of that rule.
yeah it would  be the smart thing to do and there are apps for taking your dog out for a walk so you think they would have one for that
Yeah. They could use an existing app, like Google Maps, for example. I can see potential issues with the having to leave thing, like if someone wasn't compensated for a meal they didn't get to eat or if there was some kind of health issue involved? It just seems like something that would lead to problems.
absolutely i wonder why they do that like if the team had some type of problems with the cheerleaders stalking or something
Yeah. I guess the point is so that the players and cheerleaders don't get too friendly with each other - so the cheerleaders aren't a distraction from the players' significant others, so everyone stays professional during the game, to avoid harassment of the cheerleaders or vice versa, stuff like that.
you think that would be for all the teams not just one team out of how many
Yeah. And people should be trusted to behave responsibly once they have such a prestigious job.
they should be trusted to act prestigiously regardless of there job but people are human and we all mess up some more then others unfortunately
Yes. But with a job where you're in the public eye and there's fierce competition to get there, people should be expected to hold themselves to certain standards and if they do something out of line - like harassing a cheerleader - just let them go and let someone else take their place.
yes you're right about that
Well, this has been a good conversation. Have a great evening wherever you are!
Hi, how are you?
hi. good how are you. do you watch nfl?
I do watch the NFL. Do you?
yes me too. did you know women can play too?
Wow, weird. Do you think they should play?
Yes, why not. if they can make the cut they should play
I agree. I am not sure I could watch it though. Those players are huge.
true. did you hear about that cheerleader rule in new orleans?
I did not. What is it?
they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
That's sexist. What if they are there first? The NFL has only 11 minutes of action.
I find that sexist too. and if they are eating and the player walks in, they have to leave. weird.
If I were them, I would dump my meal on the floor and make a scene...
Yeah I guess they like to oblige to those rules. Did you know nfl players make less than engineers?
I did not. That makes sense though since most NFL players only last 2-3 yeras.
yeah I guess. did you know espn won an emmy?
No, for what?
the creation of the superimposed yellow line
Wow... Is that emmy worthy? I feel like that's a low bar to get an emmy...
I do not get it either. DO you know benjarvus green-ellis?
Yes, football player who never fumbled. Nice chatting with you!
Good evening!  Are you ready for the Super Bowl in a week?
Not really so bogged down with work i haven't been able to keep up. But who's not ready for a single elimination tournament, right? 
It's certainly different than most sports!  It's crazy to think that Brady is going to another one, but back in High School he was the 2nd string on a JV team where his coach wouldn't play him!
Strange i wonder why that was, did he dislike him? Know he's big time!
Who knows, but even most NFL teams passed on him with the Patriots getting him in the sixth (of seven) round of the NFL draft.
And know he's a 4 time Superbowl champion. 
He is getting older.  I wonder what young quarterback will be the next one to have success.  Baker Mayfield maybe?
Is;nt he from the university of Oklahoma? I hear he once considered a career playing Halo 
Yes he is.  Can you imagine?  I wonder how close he was to becoming a professional gamer.  I bet he challenges everyone around if there is a gaming system nearby.
I would, ha ha! Hard to believe in the entire NFL there is only one left handed quarterback. 
I can remember some from the past, so I wonder where all the left-handed quarterbacks are now?  Do you happen to know who it is?
I always hated playing with a lefty, the ball spun the wrong way. I believe his name is Kellan Moore.
Interesting!  Do you follow NFL throughout the year at all?
Don't get a chance i'm hoping to watch the SB this year. There is only 11 minutes of live football gameplay so i should be able to catch something. 
For as long as the game takes, it's amazing that there is only that much action.  They almost don't need to spend all that money using tracking chips that record everything the player does.
Tell me about it! Did you know that there is no written rule that females can't play in the sport. 
I knew some women played in college, but since none had played yet, I wasn't sure.  Speaking of women in football, I heard that the New Orleans cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if New Orleans players enter it.
Yeah that's probably to do with the strictness of the dating policy. I don't have anything against them playing.
That would be rough!  If it happens maybe they will have locker rooms decorated in pink like Iowa's visiting locker room is.
That was some type of physiological mind games he was doing.
Absolutely.  I am in a neighboring state that considers Iowa a rival, so they definitely want to gain any edge they can.
I don't blame him. What about top bowlers in the 60's making twice as much as NFL players.
That is crazy!  Great chat, but I need to run.
Hi. Do you like football?
Hi, how are you? yes i like football. i do not know it well.
I do not know much about football but I definitely know the position the quarterback. I know they call the play and they have to touch the ball on every offensive play and they are the player that usually throws the ball.
the QB is the man, right? the guy that everyone looks to save the team? I would not want that job. it sounds stressful.
It sure does. There was a high school that had a really bad season and they failed to win any games or score any points and never used their backup quarterback. The backup was Tom Brady
That must have been before he could prove his worth. the coach should have tried him for at least one play though. maybe he played his favorites.
I think it is hard to see true talent in high school. Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he started college as a Junior and go his Bachelors degree in two years and started his masters before being first pick in the NFL draft.
He was a smart ambitious guy. Talent knows no bounds. He probably could be a doctor, a lawyer, an engineer.
You're right. He probably could have become anything he wanted to. Baker Mayfield was a quarterback that considered quitting to pursue full time competitive gaming. His talents were a little different than others.
I would do football. more money and fame. more injuries and concussions too, but then again, no guts, no glory.
What is interesting is that the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average NFL player.
engineers have special skills that are in demand. i would rather be an engineer because no concussions. women would do better as engineers
The NFL has no rules against female players. They just need to meet the league's requirements.
i would rather women went into something useful for society. sports are good but we need engineers. anyway, thats just my opinion.
Well it seems like we are a long way because New Orleans Saint cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a football player is there
i dont understand these outdated misogynistic rules. i think that they are all adults and can deal with their business.
I agree it's just silly. Like Iowa paints the visiting football teams locker room completely pink. Is that really necessary?
i guess they want to psych out the other team. probably doesnt work or everyone would do it, yeah? then it wouldnt work at all.
It would work on Cumberland who lost to Georgia Tech 222 to 0.
if cumberland painted the visitors room pink, would it have helped? i wonder what the GT coach was trying to prove. 
Well thanks so much for chatting. I learned a lot of new and interesting things about football.
Do you watch Football?
I do. I didn't realize that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL. 
I'm not a big follower, but that is very interesting! Why is the quarterback is usually considered the leader of the offensive team?
Because he calls the plays and usually touches the ball on every offensive play. There is a quarterback named Russell Wilson who actually has a major league baseball contract in addition to his NFL contract. I didn't know that was possible. 
He sounds like a go getter! Wow. I was reading about the circular huddle that is used in football. I had no idea it was created by a deaf football player named Paul Hubbard.
That is interesting, but makes sense, so other teams couldn't see his plays. The highest paid US Department of Defense employees are the football coaches of the service branch teams!
That is so neat! Women can play in the NFL too. I had no idea!
Awesome! Brad Johnson once threw a touchdown pass to himself! That would have been interesting to watch!
That would! I wonder how that worked? I always wondered how much time was actually played in football. Says the average is only 11 minutes live gameplay.
Wow. Not much at all. I wonder who will be in the Superbowl the first Sunday in February?
Will you watch all 17 weeks to the end?
I don't watch consistently, just once in a while. I didn't know the first playoff game was in 1932. 
Isn't that crazy? So it this..New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
That's ridiculous and so old fashioned! I didn't know the NFL uses tracking devices in players shoulder pads and in the footballs themselves to record everything that happens during a game. 
me either! Do you follow the Colts? DO you think they will do well this season?
I don't follow them. I wonder if they will be one of the six teams from their conference to get into the playoffs. 
From the article it seems they really want the Colts to get in the playoffs.
I didn't know there were two wild card teams from each division that get in, I though it was just one from each. 
This is funny though..Baker mayfield (quarterback, university of oklahoma) once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming, and claims to be able to beat anyone at the university of oklahoma one-on-one in halo 3.
Quite a claim to fame. College football is huge. 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams!
Very cool! Merry Christmas!
Same to you!
Do you like football?
Yes, I like football. I especially like going to see the live games.  I just heard about Sean McVay becoming a top NFL coach of the year candidate in Year 1 with the Rams.  Pretty snazzy.
Do you like any position or player in particular?
I like New England Patriots QB, Tom Brady.  He's great.  I just learned that the quarterback touches the football on almost every single offensive play and is the offensive player that almost always throws forward passes.
I agree. The patriots are like the lannisters of football
Yes, absolutely.  Did you know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
Yes so it shows how essential QB are in the offensive plays in that short time frame 
True.  Did you know that the Junipero Serra high school JV football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback?  That backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time Super Bowl champion, Tom Brady.
Perhaps they just didn't want to leave a stain on brady's record at that point?
Never thought of the point-of-view, huh.  That could very well be.  Speaking of quarterbacks, did you know who started the circular huddle?
Wasn't it by a deaf QB to hide his hand signals?
Yes, and his name was Paul Hubbard.
Another QB I follow is kellan moore since he is a lefty
Yes, apparently Moore is the only lefty quarterback in the NFL at this time.
Ya and unlike other sports, being a lefty QB has more cons than pro
Wow, didn't realize that.  Speaking of hands, did you know that former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career?  Wow.
That is indeed impressive and one of the reasons I like the patriots. A lot of amazing talent.
Another lesser known fact about football is the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222 to 0. Wow, unbelievable.
Man I wonder if the winners were just that good, the loser just that bad, or a combination of both
Sounds pretty bad for the Cumberland guys.  Another fact is that back in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars, wow.
Well times sure have changed. I mean who even watches bowlers anymore. In any case, thanks for chatting
Hello there, do you follow the NFL at all?
Yes.  Did you know they track players with tracking chips that are in their shoulder pads?
I think I have heard about that before.  The game is getting more high tech each year I will say. 
It's amazing that there aren't any women playing in the NFL even though they are allowed to join.
I think it would be really cool if a female player did make it and we got to see them on tv. 
Maybe it's not all that cut out to be.  Engineers on average earn more than NFL players.
I think I have heard that before, I think it is mainly due to the careers not being as long as an engineers.
Yeah.  Career paths can change unexpectedly for people.  Baker Mayfield considered being a competitive gamer.
Yeah Baker was really good at Halo 3 if i'm correct, did you ever play Halo?
No I have not.  Also, Alex Smith had his bachelors degree before he was picked in the NFL draft.  We are not confined to one trade or craft.
Alex Smith was really bright, I think he could have gone into any different field he wanted. 
Yeah, everything is possible.  I hope though that New orleans saints cheerleaders get better treatment.
That rule about them being the restaurant and having to leave is so outdated. 
It is amazing that NFL games usually have 11 minutes of actual live game play.  That fact somehow alluded me.
That is just crazy, I don't think most people would ever guess it was that little. 
Decades ago, it may have been a better option to be a bowler than a football player.  
Yeah I would have loved to have been a pro bowler back then, on par with what the footballs guys were making!
Times were probably so different back then!
Oh yeah and it goes to show just how much the NFL has grown since then. 
I hope the changes to come will be changes that promote more diversity and equal treatment.  Use of tracking chips are a good step towards increasing safety.
Yeah I hope the same.  I think the tracking chips will help with safety as well.  Well it's been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
Are you a fan of the NFL? 
A little bit.  I do enjoy watching some playoff games and the Super Bowl, but I don't follow any team closely.  What about you?
I follow the Redskins. 
I'm sorry for you then hehe!  Who's the current QB of your team?
I don't know to be honest. We've won a few super bowls in my time. I can't complain.
Did you know that Tom Brady was a backup QB in high school.  His team lost all games, but his coach refused to put him on field?
Yeah, I knew that. He doesn't get injured much. I think that is why he is so good. 
He's won yet again this year.  And it looks like he has no plan to retire soon.  He will be known as the greatest of all time when all is said and done
That is probably true. I wonder what he will do after football? 
He doesn't have to do anything.  He already has all the money in the world.  Maybe coaching?  NFL season's are only 17 weeks long...
I'm not sure he'd be a good coach. Maybe he will just be like Elway? 
What does Elway do now?
I think he is the owner of the Broncos. 
That's a possibility.  I'm not sure that Robert Kraft will sell his team though.  There's only 32 teams in the league and they're worth quite a bit right now.
Robert Kraft is in a bunch of trouble right now. 
I don't think it matters too much.  Football, the American kind, is such a big business that he will be get a tiny slap on the wrist and get sent home
Yeah, that is true. I didn't know that ESPN won an emmy for that First Down marker, pretty cool if you ask me. 
I didn't either.  I don't think I could watch a football game ever again without these.  They help so much in following the action
That they are. I couldn't imagine a game without it. Well, nice chatting!
Same here.  Have a great day
You too!
Hello? 
Hi. Do you watch football?
I do, it is one of my favorites. 
Same here. Did you know the first NFL playoff game was in 1932?
No, serious? 
Apparently it was played on an 80 yard field in Chicago. 

Awesome, was it snowing? 
Hopefully not, because they played on a dirt field, so that would get really muddy. 
Who is your favorite quaterback? 
I liked Nick Foles last year! Did you know Russell Wilson also has a contract as a professional baseball player?
No, I didn't know that. I would do that instead. 
Well, he hasn't played since 2011, so he must be better at football.
Did you know the huddle was made in order to hide hand signals? 
Really? Do you know who made it?
It was Paul Hubbard. 
Very cool. There is a high school stadium in Texas that cost 60 million to make! I would be interested to see what makes it so expensive. 

WHOLLY MOLLY! Are you serious? 
Yeah. It's in Allen, Texas and has 18,000 seats!
Interesting. Everything is big in Texas!
Very true! Like those big American flags that they use at football games which weigh 1100 pounds!
OMG, are you serious? That can't be true
And apparently they cost $50,000?! Who knew! Thanks for chatting. Have a nice weekend!
Hello there. Are you an NFL fan? I wanted to become an NFL player once but it looks like it's more financially smart to become an engineer.
I love the NFL. Interesting that engineers make more than football stars over the course of their lifetime.
Yes it is. I am still waiting for the first female football player. The NFL has no written rule against female players.
I bet it will be a kicker position. What do you think?
Yeah I agree I don't think another position would be suiting. There are so many injuries even though live gameplay only lasts 11 minutes.
Hard to believe that stat. Green-Ellis never fumbled the football his entire NFL career.
Yeah that is very impressive. I wonder if the NFL tracked him when he played by using a chip in the shoulder pad?
I read they use the chips to track ball speed, rotation, velocity, and location.
Yeah I wonder what they do with that information? Maybe they use it to help improve the quarterback position? I bet Kellen Moore has some interesting football tracking stats because he is the only left-handed quarterback.
I'm not too sure what they do with the information. I didn't realize that about Kellan Moore. 
Yeah kind of interesting. Another interesting fact is the circle huddle used in today's football was created by a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signals.
That is interesting!
Yes it is. Baker Mayfield want to consider quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming. That would've been quite the career change.
I heard he liked Halo 3.
Yet sounds like you could be anyone at the University of Oklahoma in a one on one game. Of halo three that is.
Do you like Alex Smith?
Yeah he seems so smart. Taking all those AP classes must have been challenging.
I agree. Hard to believe he was a junior when he started college.
Yeah and becoming the first overall pick in 2005 is also no easy feat. It was great talking with you today.
I agree. Who's your favorite QB?
My favorite QB is Russel Wilson! He is a great guy. Thanks again for the conversation and have a good day!
Hey, Tom Brady is 41.  How about that?  Are you ready to play in the NFL.
Not at this point. I think I'll stick to engineering. Better career longevity. But good for Tom! He's in the SB again. Getting a bit repetitive.
Wow.  Engineering.  Care to guess the highest ever scoring football game?  It was in 1916.
I would guess that some powerhouse school played a puny academic institution. I wonder what the spread on the game was, and if the bookies took any bets.
I do not know what the betting was like.  Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0.  I would have been bored watching that.
I wonder whether Georgia Tech put in their second and third string. The person scheduling that game must have been sacked. I'm surprised a Cumberland player didn't get killed!
1916 was a long time ago.  Today, there are 32 teams in the NFL and a game has only 11 minutes of live game play.  Thats a lot of commercials, timeouts and flag waving.
The game really is slow. It's punctuated with a lot of violent action, but it doesn't have the flow of basketball.
Yes. I agree.  I know that the life time earnings of an engineer is greater than the lifetime earnings of a NFL player.  I assume the violence makes for shorter earnings potential. 
I figure the concussions alone preclude a career as an engineer after the NFL. I am surprised that there is only one left-handed QB in the NFL. I guess I expected more, since each team has three QBs or so.
Only one left handed QB.  That is a fascinating bit of trivia.  Another fascinating bit of trivia is .. no rule against female players.  Think how wild the game would be.
I think female players could certainly handle non-contact positions such as kicker or punter. I don't know whether they could take the serious contact of the line of scrimmage.
Art and grace in running with a ball has a place.  Or something like that.  Tom Brady is playing the first Sunday in February.  the super bowl is on.  Who is the left handed QB?
Kellan Moore is the only leftie out there. Brad Johnson has an interesting claim to fame: he is a QB, but he threw a TD to himself. I didn't know that was legal, but I guess the passer and receiver can be the same player.
That is an interesting thing. I guess as a kid we all threw the ball in the air on a high arc to step forward and catch it again. Guess what color the U of Iowa painted the visiting team locker room?
Either something really sinister or something feminine.
In it entirely painted pink.  I wonder if it makes a difference.  It is funny how many different games are kind of not football but called foot ball around the world. Soccer, rugby and more.
I guess they could have painted it black, just like the Rolling Stones said. Might have put the opposition in a dire mood. Football is such a generic term. Could mean almost anything.
I am sure kids have fun with a ball no mater what.  Australian rules foot ball must be different than rugby.  I have never seen Gaelic football, but I bet its a tough game.
Violence is the key. I think the presence of the ball is incidental. Just there as an excuse to pummel the other team. Texas seems to be obsessed with high school football.
Violence or a high speed chess game?
Do you like football?
Hi! I love football and the NFL, even though I hate the 17 week regular season that lasts from the beginning of September all the way to late December. I wish it was longer. What about you?
I love it , 32 teams 2 divisions and then after a long wait the Superbowl
And it is a long wait. Ha! It's bad enough the average game is only 11 minutes long in terms of live gameplay. Then we have to wait a long time for the season to start again after the Super Bowl ends.
All season only to watch 11 minutes of live gameplay, seems really unfair, do you have a favorite NFL team?
I really like them all, honestly, although I don't like that silly misogynistic rule the Saints have in place that forbids cheerleaders from dining in the same restaurant as the football players. I can't believe no lawsuits have been filed over that rule yet!
I know right, its a terrible rule and should be abolished so unfair and also so sexist
There have not been any female players drafted yet.
Yeah maybe the interested ones didn't met the eligibility requirement but it would be great to watch a woman play some day
Indeed it would. But honestly, if they do it simply for the money, they should just enter the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players anyway.
Looks like engineers have it great they make more money and they don't risk the injuries football players do.
So true. You know what's sad is even the top bowlers made more than the top football players back in the 1960s. And football is a much tougher sport. I feel for the players from that era.
They did? I guess football wasn't a popular game back then I don't think bowlers make much money these days
It's sad especially when you have athletes like Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career! They definitely deserve top pay!
Sad how many players still end up with financial problems or even bankrupt and then also with brain damage or a serious injury
I know, it is sad! But you know, they're sticking these tracking chips in the players' shoulder pads now to record their every move so hopefully they can use it to study how to prevent serious injuries!
I think that's great, we must protect our players and make the game safer that must be like our #1 priority
That is so true. Well since we're on the subject, are you a fan of QBs? I like Kellan Moore because he's the only left handed QB in the NFL, which is surprising. 
Its my favorite position in football and I think his retired by now haven't heard his name in a while
Yeah it's my favorite position as well because he touches the ball on nearly every single offensive play and he's the leader of the offense! It's such a fascinating position!
I know right, calling the play in the huddle must be really exiting, being the decisive player on the team, but anyways its been great chatting with you
I bet it is tough. That's why you need geniuses to play the position like Alex Smith who entered college as a junior. He even received his bachelor's in two years. That's fascinating! Well it was great chatting with you as well! I hope you have a great evening, friend!
He is a role model to many, proof that you can do both if you set your mind to it, hope you have a great night, thanks for all the cool facts and the conversation
hello
Good morning.  I hope you're doing well this fine Monday morning.  Do you like NFL football?
I love it. You
I do too.  My favorite team is the New England Patriots.  How about you?
I like The Steelers. 
You a Big Ben fan, then.  Cool, I like Pittsburgh.  
Did you know that top bowlers made more than nfl stars in the 60s?
That's hard to believe, isn't it.  But then again the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than the lifetime earnings of your average NFL player.
I should say the average nfl player has a pretty awesome job though. 
True, but they do get banged up pretty hard sometimes, too.  So, I guess it's a tradeoff.
I guess. I think I would rather be in the nfl myself though.
That's cool, what position would you play, quarterback?
Or Rb. I want the ball. Hopefully I could go a whole career without fumbling. Like benjarvis green ellis.
Yeah, that must have been tremendous pressure on him to never have fumbled the ball his whole career.  I sure wouldn't have been able to do it. lol
Me either. Wonder how many years he played.
I'm not sure, but it's still an impressive feat!  Did you watch the last Superbowl?
Yeah I watched most of it. I just wanted the patriots to lose to be honest.
Oh, no.  You pulled against my team?  Shame on you!  Lol.  I tell you I was wore out from watching it, though.  Seemed like it lasted 3 hours.
I think it did. Lol.
That's depressing and a lot of wasted time, considering the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live game play!
Im with you there they should speed the game up a little. Have a good one.
HI there.  I wasn't aare that new orleans saint cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any nfl player.
The National Football League and its teams have a lot of rules!
Many variations of football too.  
True, and American football is much less popular globally than soccer.
I actually like soccer better.  Maybe because I have played that as a female.  Although that can get brutal too I guess.
There is actually no rule against female players in the NFL.
No.  Iowa's locker room for visiting reams is pink  LOL
I doubt that color was chosen due to gender!     Maybe for the better, since an average engineer earns more than an average pro athelete.
I was surprised to see that top blowers in the 60's were paid more than football stars.
Things certainly have changed.    Still, quarterbacks have always made money.
Maybe because they are considered the "leader" of the offensive team?
Perhaps so.    When a deaf quarterback played, the team created the modern circular huddle.
Interesting.  And ESPN created that yellow line for the first down.  Added amenities for football.
The players are also interesting.    Alex Smith was smart enough to enter college as a junior!
Wonder if he was going to be an engineer?
I think he was always planning on playing football.    Baker Mayfield on the other hand considered full-time competitive gaming.
He's quite confident too, claiming to be able to beat anyone one-on-one in halo 3. At Oklahoma that is.
Good thing he is not left-handed, as Kellan Moore is the only lefty qb in the NFL.
It seems like they are always playing bt there are only 16 games per season.
True, but that is over 17 weeks.   Add in four playoff rounds and four preseason, that is nearly half the year!
Nice chatting with you.  Has been informative.
No problem.    Remember that even Tom Brady could not get in a game while in JV football!
Hi, how are you?
good how are you?
I am well, do you like the NFL at all?
yes i love it Play Off Time 
Apparently women are technically allowed to play in the NFL!
I did not know that but it would be interesting if she could take a couple hits
Yeah, she might be okay, the average nfl game has 11 minutes of game time!
wow I would think that number would be way higher.
yeah, but we need more commercials!
Hell no we dont lol. They need to limit that or make the game longer so we see action not replays
I agree, there are some odd aspects. cheerleaders for the saints cant even eat where the players go to eat!
I guess it's to prevent fraternizing.
I guess so, but still, seems like an odd rule. Apparently Engineers make more than football players!
thats not fair all
I don't think so either, they are actually underpaid considering what teams make!
Yes that is how this life works 
I suppose so, poor guys take a beating in all senses, like imagine Cody Parkey right now
I know right not fair at all
Nope, but they don't make the rules
I hear that. The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink, what you think about that
That is hilarious. It must make them feel silly I bet.
I know kill the spirit. did you know baker mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming, and claims to be able to beat anyone at the university of oklahoma one-on-one in halo 3.
That is crazy, I bet the browns are glad he did not!
I am a big fan of the National Football League, even if my favorite team, the Redskins, are often one of the worst of the 32 teams
I love the NFL, my team are the vikings!
It is curious how the games last several hours when there is only an average of 11 minutes of actual game play during the event
For sure, if only they could speed up the commericals, it would make it a better watch. Did you know woman could play in the NFL
I do though none ever have!  I wanted to be a wide receiver when I was a kid but alas it was not to be.
For sure me too lol! Are you an Alex Smith fan then?
I am - he is definitely a smart guy - working on his masters when he was drafted
For sure and getting a degree his sophomore year of college then becoming the #1 pick. He has done it all i guess
Yes.  He is good but not as good as Tom Brady - he has won 4 super bowls!
I think Tom Brady has won 6, he is really good! 
Yes but his high school coach did not think so - he was never even allowed to play!
I know and he was draft in the 6th round of the draft, not too many people had high hopes for the guy
Yes but he is amazing.  Did you know that there is only one left handed qb in the nfl ?  That surprises me
I think it is Kellen Moore. Vick is my favorite lefty of all time! 
Yes - there was even a deaf quarterback once did you know that?  I guess the crowds would be less distracting
I didn't know that, I wonder if he had anything to do with the huddles?
yes they were invented to hide his hand signals from the other team
That is smart, and look it still exists! Do you know benjarvus green ellis?
Does he play for the Patriots?
yep and played for the bengals. He never fumbled once in his whole career. That is amazing !
That is crazy amazing!  He must not have ever played for Cumberland - they once lost to GT 222-0!
I would have quit! Good chatting with you!
i don't thik the Jets every landed Kirk Cousins since he is in Minnesota now.  The Jets had a horrible year.
Maybe landing Kirk Cousins would have helped them?
I think so.  Darnold is not the answer in NY in my opinion.  
Some seem curious as to why the Jets did not want to fork over the money for a sure thing since they had the funds.
agree.  especially seeing how much Garoppolo got for only 7 NFL starts.  seems the Browns have made more progress in getting a good QB in the draft.
Minnesota was predicted to be themost appealing destination for Cousins.
yeah he went there and had an average year.  They missed the playoffs.
Cousins implied that he wasn't necessarily going for the money but he was going for the best situation.
i believe that.  the Jets are a bad situation.  he probably could have gotten $150M guaranteed which is unheard of.  This according to Mike Florio from Pro Football Talk.
CBS Sport's Jason La Canfora thought the Jets and Broncos would be finalists in getting cousins as he thought New York would bemore appealing to the quarterback.
yeah, i'm glad the Redskins did not place the franchise tag on Cousins again.  that would have been bad for everyone involved.
I see. What is a franchise tag? 
Franchise tag is when the player get the average of the top 3 salaries at your position in the league.  guaranteed money but only for one year.  players usually do not like it because it is not a long term deal and they could get hurt.
Oh, interesting. Thanks for the explanation. I wonder why there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
thats interesting.  never thought about that.  kelen moore but not sure who he plays for.
I don't know too much about football so I appreciate your comments. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Maybe that's why I'm not too into it.
it is crazy to think of it like that for such a fast sport.
I find it interesting how much technology there is in football these days.
i know tracking chips in helmets and pads to record moves.  probably to protect them better in the future.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking of. I also find it interesing that ESPN won an Emmy for that superimposed yellow line.
i hope they just use that line to measure first downs instead of those stupid chains!
Yes, I believe it's a first down line.
Hello. Are you aware that the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders must leave a restaurant, if a player walks in? Even if they aren't done eating? How archaic is that?
As someone from Louisiana and a Saints fan, I am a bit surprised at having such a arcane rule.  To me, if the cheerleaders were there first, then they should be allowed to finish the meal they paid for.  But football does have its oddities, like the University of Iowa painting the visitors locker room pink!
That's easier to deal with, though I do wonder if the Saints would give a female an opportunity to start if she met the eligibility requirements.
Well, we just broke the glass ceiling on refs with a female ref officiating in an NFL playoff game.  So maybe a female player might not be too far off if they meet the requirements.  Perhaps a punter or kicker (i.e. a lower physical impact position) first.
Maybe. Living in Brown's country, I'm so glad Baker Mayfield didn't give up football to become a professional gamer.
Cleveland is a team my heart goes out too.  For the longest time the Saints did not have a Super Bowl.  Now its Cleveland's turn to make it to the top.  What do you think of tech in football?  It seems like they have tracking chips in shoulder pads and balls?
I don't really know how I feel about that. I guess it's okay,if it keeps them safe. I wonder if they would be willing to share the technology with car manufacturers?
Maybe, but since a car moves more than 100 yards, it will need to be at a different scale.  I read somewhere that Kellan Moore is the only lefthanded quarterback in the NFL.  I know lefthanders have certain advantages in baseball (e.g. first baseman) but do you think it is an advantage as a quarterback?
I don't know, I don't follow football very closely. i know the games are too long on t.v., since there is only 11 minutes of live play.
I agree; too many commercials and too much armchair quarterbacking from the broadcast booth.   An innovation I liked was when ESPN created the yellow line overlay so that TV viewers can comprehend how long a drive is needed to get a first down.  Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed 1st down yellow line?
Yes, that must have been a slow year. I find it impressive that Alex Smith entered college as a junior, due to taking so many AP classes. Wish my kids were that dedicated.
He has to be one of the few that completed their education.  So many enter the NFL draft before graduating college.   That, in part might explain the lifetime earnings of an engineer exceed the lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.
I don't know. I know a lot of them continue their education in the off season. I know bowlers in the 60's made more than football players, that's weird too
That is a bit beyond comprehension.  In my opinion, watch in bowling on TV is a bit like watching paint dry!  I recently found out that many years ago, the NFL had a deaf quarterback.  He created the circular huddle so the opposing team could not steal his play signs!  
That's fascinating. There is a former running back for the Patriots who has never fumbled. That's an amazing feat.
I agree.  Have you been following the Bronco's quarterback situation since the retirement of Peyton Manning?
I have not. I barely pay attention to football, only when my son has it on. I only know about Baker Mayfield's competitiveness on Halo 3, because of him.
I don't follow it much either.  But it seems that the Bronco have struggled putting together an offence.  They picked Case Keenum who is a bit of a unknown quantity; it seems he has been traded a lot of times.
Is Elway the one they call the "Football Czar"?
Yes, and he's Denvers GM.  So, he trying to get a good mix so they can get back to the Super Bowl.  The question is this a short term trial run with Keenum or a longer game plan?  It seems like Keenum has a short contract so he might be a placeholder until Elway finds the one he wants.
Thank you for chatting with me, have a lovely day.
You to.  We have our 1st Mardi Gras parade tonight.  Hopefully the rain will hold off!
Hey there who is your favorite quarterback? I know that I like Tom Brady, even though he's never eaten a strawberry LOL
Personally, I like Eli Manning the best. I do find it odd that Brady has never tried a strawberry lol
I know right! I always wonder why he hasn't tried on before LOL. I like Eli Manning too. What do you think about Alex Smith?
He's seems very educated. I heard he took so many AP tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. Smart guy
It sounds like he's a smart guy yes. And he passed his bachelor's degree in only about 2 years, and was working on his master's before he got into the NFL, definitely a genius
I agree, it's good to be educated. I wanted to be an NFL player but decided to stick to Engineering. The average engineer makes more than most NFL players
That's interesting. And yes I've heard that before. I guess if you are an NFL player, you have to be smart with your money so that you'd lasts over your lifetime. What do you think about the circular huddle? Did you ever do that when you were playing
Yes I did do that a few times. Fun fact, it was actually created by a deaf quarterback! 
That is really cool, and I'm sure that he used it so that other people couldn't see his hand signs. I wonder how good he was at football, I don't think we've had a deaf quarterback in the NFL, do you know?
I'm actually not sure. But I do know that Kellan Moore the only left handed quarterback in the NFL. Seems odd, you'd think lefties would be more common
You would think so yes. I wonder if it gives him an advantage or not, do you know? I also think it's interesting that one player almost became a professional video game player, imagine that is such a difference LOL
That is quite the difference lol! I think you're talking about Baker Mayfield.. apparently he can beat anyone at Halo 3
Yep that's who I was referring to. I used to play Halo 3 back in the day. Did you ever play any of the Halo games? I wish I could have played him LOL
I did play Halo but I wasn't very good at it. He could definitely beat me one-on-one! Lol 
Haha yes I bet he could beat us both actually. Do you watch bowling at all? Apparently top Bowlers in the 60s made more than top football players back in that day
Wow! Makes sense because Bowling was a lot more popular back then. Also technology has come so far, the NFL uses tracking chips now to record a player's every move
Wow that's interesting. How did those work by the way? I wonder if anyone ever put tracking chips in bowling balls lol,
They embed them in the shoulder pads and it basically tracks velocity, ball speed, location, etc. It's pretty cool. Tracking chips in bowling balls would be interesting lol
LOL I agree with you. You ever watch football on TV by the way? Did you know that  ESPN won an emmy? it was for developing that yellow line that you see on TV, you know the one that designates the first down
I did hear that, that's pretty neat that that they could superimpose something like that
Yes I bet that was very advanced technology back in the day haha. I also like that the Patriots have a player that has never fumbled the ball before. That is an insane record to me, I would hand that guy the ball all the time
so I love the fact that women can be possibly eligible for the NFL
yes... Very much.
what do you think about them chipping the players moves?
Discover the nine best chipping tips, that will make you chipping motion dead solid. 
i don't know what that means, however it is a good thing statiscally
yes... this good for us.
i love the fact about tom brady not being used as a back up qb and how he turned out.. I don't know much about football, so that is a great fun fact, what is your favorite thing about football?
I'll be honest, my favorite thing about football is a nasty, soul jarring, hit. ... I love that in football you can always point at a couple teams
oh fun, that is much more exciting than the dances they do in the endzone! 
very much exciting 
im glad I dont watch it though.. with that statistic of only 11 min of live play, what are people watching then?
On average, American adults are watching five hours and four minutes of television per day. The bulk of that is about four and a half hours of it is live television, which is television watched when originally broadcast.
Do you watch the Super bowl for the game or the commercials?
yes.
lol.. I don't even know who is good.  Who do you think is going to the SuperBowl?
Super Bowl LIII, the 53rd Super Bowl and the 49th modern-era National Football League (NFL) championship game, will decide the league champion for the 2018 NFL season. The game is scheduled to be played on February 3, 2019, at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia.
ok.. that didn't answer my question.  Do you like other types of football? I think rugby is super fun to watch!
no. soccer 
well that is considered football in other countries.. do you have a favorite player?
Neymar
thank you
Hi, how are you/
Well thanks. What do you think of Pat Mahomes?
I think he's great! He just won the MVP and it's only his first year starting and second overall. He's got a bright future...
The youngest player to throw 6 tds in a game. Thats pretty good
Yeah. He is a really good athlete. His team asked him to stop playing basketball because he was too good and may hurt himself...
Thats really understandable but he's young guy. What do you expect him to do?
Especially when a lot of young guys end up in bars and clubs drunk and then in bad situations. I think he's a good dude, by all accounts.
I heard last year he didnt do any endorsements to stay out of the spotlight because he was still the backup
I think a lot of young guys do that coming into the league. Andrew Luck did that too. It was interesting to see him, the number 1 pick, and the 2nd pick and how they went about their careers. 
It helps that the chiefs have very talented players on offense. Its really hard to cover all of them
Yeah. Their weapons are really talented. They had to cut their running back due to assualting a woman. Not ok!
Im glad the chiefs did something. Most teams would've tried to sweep it under the rug
Once the video gets out there, they have to respond. The Ravens and NFL failed on the Ray Rice domestic violence issue so now everyone has to respond by cutting the player when the video gets out.
The NFL doesnt have a rule against female players. How hard do you think it would be for them
I do not think the American public has the stomach to see a small female compete with huge dudes. Although there might not be a rule, it would not be a good look.
Yeah as talented as you may be. It would be really hard when the other person can weigh 3x as much as you
The physicality of the game is crazy. The average person wouldn't be able to compete. 
It would look like when Georgia tech beat cumberland 222-0. Which is the highest score ever. No one needs to see that
HA! Yes. Like that! Good reference and transition! ESPN won an emmy for that yellow line?
it is crazy to think how much that line has changed football viewing.
Nice chatting with you!
Hi, how are you today?
Im great, do you like foorball? do you follow the NFL?
Sometimes. There is no rule against women playing. I wonder if women will ever appear in the league.
I dont think so, though I think it's interesting that there's no written rule 
Women would be good at engineering. They could make more money, and not have to deal with so many concussions. The brain is the center of intelligence, even in NFL players. 
I agree brain damage is a real danger for players, it can really play a number on them and I guess an engineer does make more money in his life time and with less risks
Plus engineers are important to the game. The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. 
and theres also chips on the footballs, they are used to track velocity of the ball, the rotation, spin and also the location
Better for women to be engineers than NFL cheerleaders, that's for sure.
I agree, theres an unfair rule against cheerleaders.
Yes, that's true. Do you follow the college game? The highest score in a football game took place in 1916 when the mighty Georgia Tech defeated lowly Cumberland 222-0.
One thing is for sure they couldnt perform worse than a team that is losing by 222 points, thats an epic loss, humiliating for sure
I would love to know the spread on that game.In the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. I guess that pro football leagues were not well developed then. 
Yeah it seems that way since football players earn a ton of money now, do you have a favorite team?
No, don't really have a favorite. Some teams I dislike though. The University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink. I guess they think they're going to psych out the other team. Have they won more games at home because of that locker room? Do other teams do the same thing?
I dont think so, its the first time I hear about a football team having pink locker rooms, football seems like a scam though, only 11 minutes of live gameplay per match
Yeah, especially since the tix are so expensive!
Yeah do you follow the ESPN channel?
No, don't really follow ESPN. Anyway, nice chatting with you! TTYL.
I see well when you watch the channel remember this cool fact, they created the first down line,  and won an Emmy because of it
thanks!
hi how are you doing there today? are you good? 
I'm good, a little peeved at Jameis Winston saying has to teach his son to respect women when he was suspended for groping a woman
why do guys do this? do they think that they are going to get away with it? now?! not likely.
I don't know, Winston was also accused of rape in 2012 when he was still in College
some people can control themselves and need to be supervised or punished.
It's ridiculous that he's engage and still acted so horribly 
NFL has had a lot of problems with player behavior. i think the league needs to take a stronger stand.
The teams too, the Buccaneers still stood by Winston despite his character history
Yes, there should be a team level punishment to drive the point home. BEHAVE. you are a public figure.
Yea, the only thing the Bucs did was start Ryan Fitzpatrick, but at the end of the season Winston was the starter again
the money is the thing. you get them to pay cash and they will start to pay attention. 
I guess so. It's funny is cheerleaders are held to a more strict standard than the players, they are forced to leave if a nfl player comes into a restaurant they are in
that is sexism and misogyny. what is that rule still around?
I have no idea. I wonder what the discipline would look like if there were female players, there are no rules barring them
I think that women could play. Really I twould be better to start the sport at the high school level.
Only if you have good coaches. Tom Brady's jv coach never started him despite the team not winning a game
the man was an idiot not to see that talent. TB was a talent in waiting. just needed his opportunity. 
So was Cumberland's coach in 1916, they lost to Georgia Tech 222-0
Why would any coach do that to a team? it seems cruel. Anyway, great chat!
I don't know, I wonder why Kellan Moore was the only left handed qb in the nfl
I don't know either. Maybe coaches don't like lefties? Have a good day!
you too
Hi! My favorite part of the Superbowl are the commercials. How about you? 
Yes I agree with you on that! Games are so boring, especially since they only averaged about 11 minutes of actual gameplay
I can't believe that! Technology... it changes the world. Consider the tracking chips in their shoulder pads...guess Big Brother is always watching! 
Yeah that would scare me. I hope that they take those tracking chips off when they leave the field, would you ever wear those outside of sports?
Not if I could help it. I mean- with my luck, I'd be tracked worse than a Saints Cheerleader avoiding a player in a restaurant. 
Yeah I don't like how they can't go to a restaurant if a player is inside. Or if the player enters them they have to leave, that seems really unfair
It really is. Funny how the world changes. I can't wait for our first female NFL player! 
Yes there's no rule against it! I could see you there being a kicker soon, what do you think the first position would be?
Quarterback? Maybe that's me dreaming big. Then again... they had a deaf quarterback once. Things happen! 
I think that death quarterback actually invented the circular huddle, which we still use today which is awesome!
It is! I can't believe Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback- you'd think we had more! 
Yes and I wonder if it gives him an advantage as well? You would think that Alex Smith would have a huge Advantage as a quarterback to because he was so smart back in college
And on the opposite end of the spectrum, we have Baker Mayfield. From quarterback to professional gamer... sign me up! 
Yes absolutely! He definitely made the right choice going into the NFL, do you know how ESPN won an Emmy though?
No! That's awesome. I like the fact bowlers once made twice as much as NFL players. Can it go back to that? I like bowling. 
Yes I like bowling two, I have a better chance of being a professional bowler than being an NFL star haha.
Same! I wouldn't be RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his career. 
I want him on my team! But I also love the Patriots so am with Tom Brady would probably be so unfair haha
They need to score like Georgia Tech vs Cumberland- 222 to 0!
That game was such a blow out! I wish that we had video cameras to record it back then, or at least ESPN could have put the yellow line for the first down marker when they were recording that game, maybe it would have helped Cumberland to win haha
Maybe an all-pink locker room (Just like The University of Iowa has!) would have been their good luck charm? 
Yeah that's possible! Do you think that they won more games or lost more games after that happened? I would have played a lot better if I were in a pink locker room personally lol
Good afternoon. I think Alex Smith is a great fit for the Redskins. What are your thoughts?
hi how are you? I dont know much about smith or the redskins. why do you think that?
Well I think they need to stay ahead in games. Smith isn't the kind of quarterback who excels in a shoot outs, it goes against the style of play.
what is a shoot out in football? lots of passing?
Yes exactly. Like when the Redskins play the Saints they were down by three scores and people sometimes refer to a comeback like that a shootout.
Ok. so he is not big at comebacks. he is quite a bright guy, right? finished college in like 10 minutes or something?
Ha ha yeah basically that fast. He received his bachelors degree in two years.
that is quite fast. he must be a good student. is he still playing in the NFL?
Yes that is very fast. It usually takes four years. I believe you still playing. He did a lot of AP classes in high school so that's how he finished college so fast.
he is still playing. ok. i heard that he sustained an injury. That is a lot of AP tests!
I believe he is set to play next season but I'm not sure. He is right-handed but Kellen Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.
why is there only one? that seems odd. Do coaches not like lefties?
I'm not sure maybe the plays aren't designed for them? Another smart quarterback is Baker Mayfield. But he almost became a full-time competitive gamer.
I guess that could be a good way to make money. i dont how many pros there are in gaming.
I think there's good money but probably not as good as football. It seems like his game was Halo 3.
I have never played Halo. i guess it must be pretty challenging. he probably did the right thing going into football.
Yes it is a lot of fun to play I recommended. I agree though football is the better choice. The high score ever in a football game was 222 to 0!
I wonder what the winning coach was thinking. that kind of score seems cruel.
Yeah I don't know what Georgia Tech was thinking that is not a good gesture. Poor Cumberland. Well it was nice chatting with you thanks again.
Yes, i enjoyed chatting! 
Have a good one!
Do you like football?
Good evening, yes I do.  How about you?
I'm a big fan!  Do you have a favorite team?  I'm an Eagles fan myself.
Yes, don't hate me, but my favorite team is the Patriots!
That's ok.  I like them too.  In fact I'm a big Brady fan.  My one grandmother came from the Boston area there and I still have cousins there.  So I root for them.
Cool, I didn't realize how many people actually LOATHE the New England Patriots and the GOAT Tom Brady.
I actually watched his Tom vs Time documentary and I love the work ethic he puts into the game.  Did you know that former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career?
Yeah, I had heard that stat and I couldn't begin to imagine the pressure he felt to remain perfect throughout his career.  WoW!
I know right?  lol  I read that ESPN won an Emmy award for creating the superimposed yellow first down line.  Never knew they had an Emmy award for something like that.
Me either, good for them, though.  It's such a part of watching the game, it deserved that award!
I agree.  I go back and watch old games on youtube from like the 70s and 80s when I was a kid and it's just crazy how the graphics have changed since then.
Big difference between then and now, for sure.  Did you watch the last Superbowl?
I did and I was rooting for the Patriots. I was rooting for them too last year when they lost.
Glad to hear that.  lol I swear that game seemed it lasted three hours!
lol it did.  Even towards the end.  I liked watching Belechik on the sidelines towards the end when they were figuring out what was going on with the gameclock.  He looked like he was giving the sideline judge an earfull. lol  Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of actual live gameplay?
Oh man, I knew there was alot of wasted time, but didn't think it was all that much, though.  Kind of makes me mad, now. lol
Short isn't it?
So true!  Wonder why a woman hasn't played in the NFL, yet?
Good question.  Do you know who Kellan Moore is?  I'm not familiar with him but I see where it says he is the only left handed QB in the NFL.
Yeah, that must be an advantage of some kind?
I'm not sure if it would or wouldn't be.  lol  It's been fun chatting with you!  Have a good night and go Pats!
hello do you like football?
It doesn't really catch my attention. Maybe because there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
Yeah thats disappointing lol 
I also have trouble following the game. The yellow line has helped a bit. ESPN won an emmy for creating that.
Yes I think that is really helpful!  I hear the NFL uses tracking chips on the players and inside the football
Wow, it's amazing how much technology for football has changed over the years. A while back people didn't seem to care that much about football. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
That must have been a good time to be a bowler!  
Right? And I don't think any college football teams these days would lose as bad as Cumberland did. They lost 222 to 0 to Georgia Tech back in 1916.
wow thats embarrassing. 
Yeah, haha. Speaking of embarrassing, Tom Brady's high school coach never started him even though the team was having a historically bad season. They had not won a game or scored a touchdown that season.
Oh right I read that lol Wow did they miss that opportunity,  they probably couldve won their season lol
Yeah, I would feel bad if I were his coach since now he has won the Super Bowl several times.
Yeah probably kicking himself while watching him play every sunday lol 
Ha, true! What do you think about the $12.5 million judgement where the Rams have to pay Reggie Bush $12.5 million dollars? Do you think the Rams are kicking themselves too?
lol yes. 
Reggie Bush slipped and fell on the at Edwards Jones Dome. He also included the stadium in his lawsuit, though they were dismissed as the judge said the Rams had control of the facility on game days.
Yeah I read.  Thats kinda like companies getting sued because someone injured themselves on their property though,  I guess its whatever.  
The Rams lawyer said that Reggie Bush is one of the most talented running backs and should have avoided the concrete.
yeah I guess he wasnt paying attention 
On the other hand Reggie argued that the injury cost him $10 to 15 million in future NFL earnings.
well didnt he win the 12 mil?  wouldnt that somewhat compensate for his "injuries" lol Its been great chatting.  
hey do you know anything about football?
No, not a thing.  I think it is neat the way football means american football, soccer or rugby, depending on where you are.
ya I don't watch, but I do know that I like the Patriots and they have a rb who has never dropped the ball
A running back that has never dropped the ball?  So, this implies american NFL football.  It is a dull game to watch, with only 11 minutes of live game play per game.
yup I agree, also weird there are no rules against female players, would you watch that?
I think like the gorgeous ladies of wrestling, it has been done.  But I would watch some of that.  Not sure a 17 week season would be fun.
ya we would have to see, did you know engineers make more than nfl players over their lifetime?
I believe the word average is very important there.  Some players never make it big, while most engineers pull money.  I wonder why cheerleaders can not be in the same restaurant as a new Orleans saint?
ya I don't like that, they shouldn't have to leave, that just sounds outdated, what bout you?
An out dated and wrong thing.  I be some engineers use chips in players pads to track and record players movement.  Those engineers get paid more than the player.
those tracking chips scare me, I wouldn't want someone to know my every move, hopefully they just keep those on the field
On the field and the one in the ball.  To bad the balls from Tom Brandies deflate gate were not monitored for air pressure.  The ball measures velocity, rotation and location. 
do you have a favorite quarterback? and did you know Kellan Moore was left handed
I have no favorite.  I would think left handed would be an advantage.  Most players would expect the ball to be in a certain location. Kellan would be a little off that.  The offensive team leader that touches the ball the most. 
yup I think it gives an advantage being left handed, did you hear about the deaf quarterback who invented the circular huddle
Such a important innovation.  Now everyone does it.  Or maybe stadium is so loud no one can hear.   There was a QB who wanted to be a pro gambler.  Oklahoma player I think.
good thing he chose football, Baker Mayfield was going to be a professional gamer and play Halo 3
There are many things bout the game that seem like video games.  Take the line for the first down.  we expect it.  ESPN won an Emmy for its creation. 
that was a great creation for sure, very useful, also I never knew Alex Smith was a genius he got his degree in only 2 years
Good for Alex.  I wonder if he picked a useful major like engineering.  In the 1960's pro bowlers made as much as top football stars.  I wonder if engineers make more than bowlers?
they do actually! a lot more over the course of their lifetimes which is crazy!
Hey how often do you watch the NFL? I know I watch football from time to time on TV
I watch one in a while. I find the games boring sometimes. They only play an average of 11 minutes per game!
Yep you're right about that! That probably explains why the Super Bowl was a little bit boring this year haha. Do you think that women should play in the NFL by the way?
I know there's no rule saying they can't, so I guess if they can meet the requirements, they should probably be allowed. 
Yeah I can see that. I think we could see a female player in our lifetime, it's the only fair thing, as long as they're good enough to play they should be allowed to play I think
Yeah, they might as well get a fair shot. Some of the rules of the NFL are still sexist. Like how some cheerleaders can't eat at a restaurant where players are eating 
Yeah I don't like that rule. I think it's really stupid and not appropriate in this day and age. I just don't get how that one has been sued yet about it LOL, have you heard about the tracking chips that they use too
Yeah, that's pretty cool. Some things like that are so high tech. Like the yellow first down line that ESPN won an Emmy for!
That's really genius by the way. I'm glad they won an Emmy for that, it's definitely necessary for enjoying games on the TV I think. But yes the tracking chips can track players movements and speed, I think that's pretty useful
I agree! They are in the footballs and shoulder pads! Do you know what the score of the highest scoring football game ever was?
I don't. What was it? I do know that back in the sixties the top Bowlers made more than the top football players of the time. Now that is totally reversed today. Haha!
That's amazing! The highest score was 222-0! But it was a college game. 
Wow that's crazy! What year did happen? I would have loved to see that game haha. Do you think that the losing team had their locker room painted pink perhaps lol. I guess the University of Iowa's football team did that to the opposing players
It was way back in 1916. That's pretty funny, actually. I wonder what the visiting teams thought of that. 
Yeah I wonder that too, what do you think about the Patriots by the way? Did you know that they have a player who's never fumbled the ball? His name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis
I am kind of sick of them being in the Super Bowl every year, it's boring! He must feel a lot of pressure never to get his first fumble!
Yeah I agree. I would feel so stressed every time I played haha. what do you think about Alex Smith by the way? Man is so smart, he got his bachelor's degree in only 2 years and then went to play for the NFL
That's pretty cool. He was the first pick in the 2005 draft, too!
Oh that's cool! I really like the story behind the circular Huddle, it was created by a deaf quarterback in order to block the other team from seeing his hand signs, that's really cool
That's brilliant, actually! There is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL. 
I think that's Kellen Moore right? Also there's only one quarterback who is almost going to be a professional video game player, and that was Baker Mayfield, I think he made the right decision haha.
Good morning.
Good morning! Do you like football?
Yes, I love football.  Do you?
I've never really watched it. Although it seems the QB here is pretty smart. Alex smith took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years, and began working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft.
Wow, that's cool.  The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
Trauma! The circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals.
In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
isn't that crazy? Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
That is hard to believe. Wow.
I know! The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0
That's crazy.  An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
I know! and it last about 2.5 hours! Former patriots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
Isn't that crazy? Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
I always wondered how they knew how fast the ball was flying!
Yeah, technology has really helped them.
 a single-elimination tournament culminating in the Super Bowl, which is usually held in the first Sunday in February, and is played between the champions of the NFC and AFC.
wOW, THAT'S NEAT.  The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.
Sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries)
Thanks for the information.  I enjoyed.
me too! Have a good day!
You as well
:)
Can you click done?
yes, i think so.
Hello do you like football?
I do!  I'm a big fan!
Oh good,  yeah football is very entertaining. 
Yes it is!  The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink.  Wonder why they did that?
I think its a mental tactic,  like to make them feel calm or something
That would make sense.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that era. I'm sure that's not like that any longer.
Yeah I doubt it also,  bowling isnt what it used to be.  Football players get paid a ton lol
lol  The highest scoring football game ever was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  Talk about a blowout!
Ouch,  thats embarassing!  Thats a huge loss! 
No doubt!  ESPN won an emmy for creating the yellow superimposed first down line you see on tv while watching games.  I didn't even know they gave out emmy's for something like that.
Honestly me either lol But good for them that digital line has been really helpful on screens and tvs.
Yes! lol Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.  Impressive!
Thats crazy,  how does someone not fumble for their whole career,  thats great. There is also only one left handed quarter back in the nfl weird huh
I'm not sure. lol  That is amazing that there is only 1 left handed QB.
The huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback
What was his name?  I can't remember it.
paul d hubbard
Nice!  The NFL has no written rule against female players.  Wonder if we will see one ever?
maybe,  but there's too much injury in football
True.  The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.  Relatively short compared to how long they stretch the games out.  It's been fun chatting!
Great chatting,  have a good one. 
Hello there, are you a fan of the NFL?
I am actually, its wild that an NFL game only has about 11 mins of gameplay on average
Isn't that crazy, I think you notice all the stops and stuff more when you attend a live game. 
ya I haven't been to a live game in years, what do you think of the way the Saints cheerleaders have to act when outside of the field?
I think that rule is a bit outdated.  I think they should have standard rules within normal laws that everyone else follows. 
ya I agree, it's so dumb they have to leave a restaurant if a player walks in for instance
Exactly.  Did you read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average NFL players?
that is crazy, but NFL players also don't play their whole lives they retire early, so who knows
I think that is what it is, is that the engineer's career is far longer than the average NFL career. 
yup exactly, also crazy is the NFL could one day have female players
I think that would be so cool if a female player did make a pro roster.  I think it would huge for young sports fans. 
ya, I think a female could become a kicker or maybe a quarterback, we shall definitely see
That would be cool to see a female quarterback one day. 
haha ya maybe she'd paint her locker room pink like the Iowa team did for opposing players haha
That is so funny, I wonder who was in charge over there that gave the final ok for it, or if they just did it as a prank and then officials left it that way. 
haha ya I do wonder that, I also wonder how a team can lose in football 222-0!
That is just insane.  I wonder if they just scored a touchdown on every single play?
ya I don't know, but it would suck to be a Cumberland fan on that day and get destroyed like that haha
Yeah I wonder how many fans were actually still there when the 222 point was scored?
oh ya, if I were a Georgia Tech fan even I would have left when it reached 100 to 0 haha
Right lol.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
Are you a fan of the Ravens? 
Not a huge ravens fan, you? I like football though and luckily there are 32 teams so plenty of variation.
Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL? 
That is surprising I don't even know of him. But I do know Baker Mayfield, and he sounds like he was a big gamer.
Interesting, is this the guy that was going to be a video game pro? 
Yeah he apparently loved to play Halo 3!
Interesting, is that for PS4 or Xbox? I have neither but was interested in getting one of them. 
Xbox I believe. He claims he could have beaten anyone at the University of Oklahoma.
Interesting, did he get paid for doing this?
I don't believe he did. Another smart quarterback was Alex Smith! He took a lot of AP classes.
I think he was working on his masters degree before being drafted. 
Very impressive. He was the first overall pick in the 2005 draft!
yeah, that seems pretty cool. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of gameplay. 
So many ads for all that? Also girls are legally allowed to play!
They are. And they also put chips in the players shoulderpads. 
No wonder they get such accurate stats and info about players movements on the field.
Yeah, apparently there are chips in the balls as well. Pretty crazy if you ask me. 
Oh wow. And they can track velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location. Cool.
Yeah, it is pretty cool. Although I'm not entirely sure what you would do with all that information. Well, it was nice chatting with you! 
Yeah I would like to know that too. Knowing the NFL they use it to make more money! You as well there partner.
Exactly, probably some type of advertising gimmic. Take it easy!
Hi there, do you watch the NFL much?
Hey! I love the NFL, but sadly don't get to follow it much, how about you?
Yeah same here , but I do watch some of the games. DO you know who Baker Mayfield is?
Isn't he the quarterback who almost quit football to have a career in competitive gaming?
Yup that is him. ANd he still says that he can beat anyone at U of Oklahoma in Halo 3
Wow, I have heard about that, lol...pretty cool! But being a quarterback has probably been the better choice for him. Do you know who Kellan Moore is?
Yeah , isn't he the guy who is the only QB in the NFL that is left-handed?
Yep, pretty rare! Kinda rare like Patriots R.B Benjarvus Green Ellis who never fumbled a football ever in his entire NFL career!
What a talent. DO you like Brady too? Heard he was a backup QB in high school and they never started him.
I am a huge Tom Brady fan. That is crazy! Big mistake on their part by not letting him play. He is an amazing QB.
Exactly, he has come a long way for sure. How about Alex Smith? He is talented and super smart it seems
Exactly, he is very smart. Kinda like the huddle that was created by that deaf quarterback!
Yeah that is so cool, what a way to communicate with your team while others have no clue what you are saying. 
Right! genius. Football has come so far, it is crazy how pro bowlers used to make more money than top football stars. Crazy!
I k now, things have changed so much now for sure. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
I have heard that because the NFL allows them to play if they meet their requirements which I can't imagine a female wanting to go up against such huge men lol...could happen though. I think it's awful that the cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same place as the New Orleans Saints....
That rule is so wrong and the worst part about it is the fact that they have to leave mid-meal if the players walk in
I know! Not right, makes you wonder why... that surely can't be how it is in today's times, but you never know what rules are hidden within the NFL ...
Yeah I am not sure either, I just hope it goes away soon. On a happier note, they are putting tracking chips on the players now to record a variety of things
I have heard that the NFL is doing that, to track the players moves and the Football velocity and rotation...very clever!
Yeah, hope they can use that to reduce concussions and such too. Nice chatting with you. 
Do you think that tie games in the NFL are good, bad or are you indifferent? 
Indifferent.  A lot of people think it is fine.
I really don't like sudden death types of dealing with it. There should be a clear winner. 
Why do you think so?  Some people think that a tie should not be seen as less satisfying.
I was referring to a sudden death victory.  I wasn't clear - there should be more time on the clock.  A tie is OK with me.  
I am not an expert.  However, I admire some NFL teams.
I prefer college when it comes to American football.  The excitement in things like "going for it" is the same.
I prefer college footballs better - no money is involved in it.  Do you know that NFL has no rule against female players?
Agree.  I did.  I wonder if the NCAA does.  It's probably more of a university-by-university rule. 
Probably.  Do you know that average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay?  What do you think about it?
I played football in HS and there's a lot of standing around so I believe it.  What I can't believe is that the U. of Iowa has a pink locker room for visitors. 
I heard about it.  Why do they do that? Why pink?
I heard there are colors that calm and subdue like pink.  Some jails are that color.  Causes for design... Huddle are circular since a QB named Hubbard was deaf.  It makes sense for me if one isn't deaf.
I read about it.  He did not want the other team to read his hand signals.
Makes sense... What doesn't make sense is that Georgia Tech, my alma mater, ran up the score 222-0 against Cumberland.  Not too proud of that...
Are you serious? But Georgia Tech won though.  Shouldn't you be proud?
Maybe if it were Alabama but to humiliate poor Cumberland isn't too cool.  Like not letting Saints cheerleaders dine around Saints players doesn't seem too cool. 
You are funny.  Cumberland humiliated themselves.
So your not one for chivalry -- it seems to be dying like masculinity. Things change... In the 60's, top bowlers made more than top football stars. 
I read about it?  Now bowlers make pennies compared to football players.
That makes sense.  Bowlers don't have to stare down a 330 lbs. guard. Nor do they have to constantly reach ESPN's yellow line.  Do you want to continue?
I'm good.  It was nice chatting with you.  Talk to you again next time.
Hi do you follow the NFL?
Yea, the Giants are my favorite team but I keep up with all 32 teams
Nice!  I'm a Steelers fan.  How about Odell being traded to the Browns?
He's an awesome player but becomes a liability due to his temperament, the Giants aren't gonna be doing too well even if they kept him I just wish they got better picks for him
I agree.  That trade caught me off guard when I saw it last night.  Now on to some facts..lol  The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room comlpetely pink.  No idea why!
Maybe Iowa thinks the pink locker room will cause the visiting team to play worse
lol  Maybe.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that era.  Way different now I'm sure.
Yea I never even thought bowlers made much money, let alone more than football stars
I know!  I think bowling was really popular back then along with horse racing, boxing, and baseball.  All 3 of those sports have changed in fan attraction over the decades.  
Yea, sports are constantly evolving, like the invention of the circular huddle by Paul D Hubbard
Was he the deaf QB who invented it so the other team couldn't read his hand signals?
Yea, I wonder if the only left handed QB Kellan Moore invented any special techniques
You would think he would have something different in his delivery of the ball.
Yea, I wonder if Alex Smith has different mechanics considering he's really smart, he started college as a junior
That's a great story of his!  Once in he completed and graduated with a bachelor's deegree in only 2 years!
Yea he's a smart dude but I'm not so sure about Baker Mayfield, he considered playing games professionally instead of playing football
I know that sounds crazy.  How about former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis.  He never fumbled the ball in his nfl career.
That's pretty cool, I wonder if playing for Bill Belichick had any thing to do with Green-Ellis never fumbling
Might have.  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?  it was nice chatting by the way.
I know Georgia Tech scored 222 point back in 1916, I wonder if they cheated at all
Haha maybe they did.  What a blowout!  Sorry I have to run. 
 Have a good day!
Hi!  Do you follow football?
Hi, somewhat. Do you?
A little here and there.  I enjoy it more when my team is doing well.
I hear that.  No fun to watch a bad team.  I guess the Chargers are doing pretty well. 
I agree.  Their last victory over Arizona sure was dominant!
Yeah, 45-10 is no joke!  Not as big a victory as Georgia Tech over Cumberland in 1916.  Did you see that score?
Yeah,  I am not sure how that is even possible! 222-0?  Its like they were scoring the whole game!
When you break it down they probably had to score like a touchdown a minute or something?  Guess Cumberland's Defense didn't show up that day!
Yeah, nor their offense.  Probably a lot of defensive points scored too.
True.  If they were playing at Iowa I would blame their performance on the color of the visitor's locker room. Pink!
I wonder what shade of pink it is?  More powdery, neon, magenta like?
Good question.  My guess would be whichever messes with their opponents heads the most. 
Speaking of colors, did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow line?
No, I didn't know that.  It has completely changed watching a game on TV.  Makes it easier anyway. 
It certainly does.  When my mom when to my brothers first live HS game she didnt understand at first why the line wasnt there.
That's funny!  I can't believe benjarvus gree-ellis never fumbled.  That seems impossible!
It does.  I wonder how many carries he had in the game.  Even some of the greats fumbled a bit.
That's another good question.  It'd be WAY less impressive if he only had a couple of touches a game. 
Or per a short career.  
Very true. Hard to believe Tom Brady sat on the bench in high school!
It is, they definitely didnt recognize the talent and potential in front of them!  
No doubt, I bet they feel like fools now!  It's been fun.  Have a great day!
Are you a fan of the NFL? 
I am, especially the Vikings! How about you?
I like the Redskins, but I'm from that area. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL? 
That is crazy to believe because there have been so many great left handed quarterbacks in the league!
Yeah, there has been. I wonder if it is a function of setting up the offense? 
Maybe its because a lot of plays go to the right? I would be curious to see with all the technology they have!
Yeah, that would be pretty cool. Apparently there are chips in the shoulder pads.
Is that so? Is it to track player movement on the field?
I think it is, but I'm not sure. They also have chips in the ball. 
That is awesome! I heard that it tracks velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location!
Interesting. Is the data shared with both teams? 
I'm sure it's for the league haha. Maybe ESPN uses it too. You know they won an emmy for the yellow line?
For the first down marker? That's pretty cool!
It is! Did you ever hear about the Georgia Tech and Cumberland game that was 222-0? That would be sad to see haha.
WOW! That is a crazy score, is that real? 
It did! in 1916 lol. They must have been psyched out with their locker room being pink like the Iowa Hawkeyes do to their opponents.
Hilarious, you would think that would make the other team angry though.
I bet! Would you rather been a football player or bowler in the 1960's when bowlers made twice as much as football players?
That would be pretty crazy, I'm actually not a bad bowler. Well, nice chatting with you!
I'm a terrible bowler haha. Nice chatting with you as well, have a great day!
You too! Have a good one!
Hello, how are you?
Good, how about yourself ? 
Pretty good, do you know anything about football?
Yes, I do..                                 
So, I am trying to understand what's going on with article section 1. Whatever Galette has caused, he slowly ranked lower...
I heard Junior Galette from Washinton might be a free agent next year.
Interesting,... agent for one of the players?
He going to see if a new team wants to sign him next year. He probably won't garner much interest, because he's very injury prone.. 
True, since he injured his achilles.
Plus his sack numbers were down. He use to be good when he played for the New Orleans Saints, but I think his best days are behind him.
Well, he seemed overwhelmed from the start.
His current team really cut his playing time, which according to him, limits his opportunity to sack the quarterback. 
And his fans are rooting for him to go back to the Redskins, however, that is not easy.
Junior Galette  has had a slew off trouble off the field. He was even accused of domestic violence. 
I think from there, he slowly went downhill.
Plus, there are a lot better young players on the Redskins, namely Ryan Anderson.
That is true, but it is sad for Galette to see the reality of his consequences that were caused from his past.
Hopefully if he stays with the Redskins he can return to his former glory. He did rank third on the team in quarterback pressures.
He needs to step up his game. Get more training and keep his head up.
There is a loyal fan base in Washington, I'm sure everyone wants to see him do better next season. 
I agree. Hopefully, he browses through this to keep his spirits up. This will remind him how much his fans believes in him.
I'll be rooting for him.
What do you think about the Baltimore Ravens? They just drafted Lamar Jackson
I'm not a huge fan because I'm a Bengals fan lol. Same division. I'm surprised they got rid of Flacco.
Yeah I'm surprised too. who is your favorite quarterback by the way? I always loved Tom Brady haha
My favorite is probably Patrick Mahomes.
Yeah he's good too. I also like Baker Mayfield a lot, especially because he used to play Halo 3 which is one of my favorite games
Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?
No I didn't know that, I wonder if it gives him an advantage though? I do know about Alex Smith, he's actually really smart and almost got his master's degree, he even got his bachelor's and only two years before he was drafted
Alex Smith is an awesome guy. Did you know Russell Wilson is still under an MLB contract?
No I didn't know that, how do you think that works? Would they actually try to use him? I like football a lot more than MLB anyway
Not too sure how that works. I don't think they would actually use him.
Well that's good. I wonder if the NFL would ever use a female player? Do you think that will happen in our lifetime
I saw they don't have a written rule against it. I bet we will see a female kicker before long.
Yes I could see that. I just don't know that an NFL game only lasts 11 minutes of Live gameplay, you'd think that it would last longer because it can take up to two hours on TV
That is crazy it is only 11 minutes of gameplay.
Well that is crazy. But also crazy is the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player, it's lower than the average earnings of a engineer. Now that is crazy haha
That is very crazy. I would have never guessed that.
I would have not guessed that cheerleaders would have to leave a restaurant if an actual player from their team came in. Did you hear about the New Orleans Saints? And the cheerleaders for them?
That's interesting. I heard many teams have rules around players and cheerleaders. 
Rules seem unnecessary but I also don't play football haha, I wonder if there's a rule against painting a locker room pink for instance
LOL I wonder if that works? 
I wonder that too! I wonder if the University of Iowa's record improved or got worse after they painted the opposing team's locker room pink
Hello! Are you interested in football?
hi how are you? I have talked about football quite a bit recently. I guess i am still interested. LOL
Agreed! I watch frequently too though. I did not know that the average game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
those players have a pretty sweet job! standing and waiting then they get to beat each other up. sweet!
Not sure how I would handle the same job. They have tracking chips ni their pads to know their speed for a reason.
yes, i hope that helps prevent injury and concussion. the game takes a toll on the body. i would rather be an engineer.
Yea, its a hard game to play. Why an engineer?
they make good money over the long haul. plus fewer concussions. LOL
Exactly! I can run, but couldnt take a hit! Do you have a favorite team
at the moment, no. I usually just root for the underdog in the superbowl. i like to see upsets. 
Me too. I wish I could have seen the RAms win this year.
The Rams had a great team, but it is hard to beat Tom, Bill and the gang.
It was a boring game because both teams played defense quite well.
yeah, a defensive battle is not a crowd pleaser. people want touchdowns.
Yea, like when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0 for the highest score recorded in a game.
what was going through the coachs head then? that is a horrible thing to do to another team?
Might not be completely intentional. Happened in a game here in the upper Midwest - like 80+ points for one team. Happens when one team gets all the right bounces.
true, but the coach should put in the third string or something. even the cheerleaders maybe.
Could be fun to watch for some. The NFL does that with second/third string
yeah, its only fair. if your team is winning by that much, you should ease up. it is a sport, not a war. anyway, great chat!
You too! Have a great day!
did you know there is a university team whose visiting locker room is painted pink?
Yes.  I did know that. It is Iowa.  I think that is great competition.
Ya I would like to see some stats to see if that, on average, affects the players, I bet it does, also crazy that in the 60's bowlers made more money that football players back then
True.  It is value based on audience.  The NFL has the eyeballs now.  I do love that yellow line that ESPN added to football broadcasts.
ya that's interesting, I also like that the huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback, I wonder how he would call an audible if he was deaf though?
He would call the audible by talking.  Only he would not hear it.  ESPN got an Emmy for that yellow line.
ah that makes sense I guess, I don't like the nfl personally, it doesn't surprise me that there are only about 11 minutes of actual gameply in the average game, I think it is pretty boring
I agree.  I greatly prefer college ball with many more plays.  The global family of games called football all have some way to score involving kicking.  It is pretty minor in US football I think.
Yes that is true, also surprising is that in the nfl there is no written rule against female football players, and that women could play if they met the league's requirements
Wouldn't you be embarrassed to be the coach of a JV team.  never win, never score, have Tom Brady as you back-up QB and never let him play?
yeah that would be embarrassing, also its crazy that on average an engineer makes more in his lifetime than the average nfl player, I wonder if its because of the injuries they can get
It is just a short career.  The average running back lasts 4 years.  The QBs today make a lot though.  Imagine if Baker Mayfield had quit football to be a gamer.  He would not have been cashing the big checks that he does today.
Ah interesting, that is true, I saw that Baker was the Halo 3 champion of his college, I was really good at halo 1 and 2 I won a lot of tournaments when I was younger, did you ever play games?
Never played Halo, but I went to Oklahoma University so I watched every college game he played.  Alex Smith took so many AP tests that he entered college as a junior.  My grandson is taking a lot which will save his parents money.
ah that is good, I took 4 ap tests when I went to college and passed all of them, so I saved money, still have some student loans but it is more managable than it otherwise would be haha
Do you play NFL fantasy football.  You play 17 weeks from Sept to Dec even though each team only plays 16 games.
no I don't play that, I have friends who do and they always lose money haha. I did see that there is political fantasy that you can play, on whether each side passes certain bills and such, that's probably more to my liking because I follow politics more than football
It is hard to be an optimist when one follows politics closely.  We are so polarized.  I would not mind giving political fantasy a try.
Yes I agree, it is bad because it can make you depressed but unfortunately it interests me and has an actual affect on my life, so I pay attention to it, do you play fantasy football?
No.  But my grown son plays in 5 leagues and makes between $500 and $800 each year.
well that is impressive, I know there is luck but apparently skill if he can win that consistently, anyway great talking with you!
Hi, how are you? 
I'm good. But just frustrated with the Buccaneers for losing so horribly to the Bears! 
I don't know much about football, though I've heard some things. Are you a big fan?
I watch it from time to time. Do you know what a quarterback  (often referred to as a QB) is? 
Yeah, that is the most important position on the team, right? Touches the ball on every play?
Exactly. But you see, the main quarterback for the Buccaneers didn't get much chance to play against the Bears, and that led to their disaster! Makes me so upset.
That's too bad. Who are the big name QBs in the league now?
I'd say the best has to be Tom Brady. But did you know that his high school team never even let him play!?
What? That's strange. How did he get to play in college then? I thought you had to be a star to do that.
I have no idea. But I think the Buccaneers' defensive coordinator Mike Smith needs to go back to college! He let Tampa score six touchdowns against them! So dumb!
Well, that should be the end of his job. There are plenty of high school jobs out there I'm sure. Maybe he could coach a girl's team.
Ha ha, true. And oops, I meant he let the Bears score six touchdowns, my bad. My anger got me flustered there ha ha.
The nfl has no written rule against female players. Do you think we'll ever see women players?
We could! Maybe one or two in the future. If they ever play against the university of Iowa then I'm sure they'll appreciate the pink locker room there!
I guess maybe the Bucs defensive guy would suffer from Pink lockerroom syndrome or something.
Some kind of syndrome, that's for sure. They've got a lot of issues. One of their players, Winston, was even accused of groping a woman a few years back. Sad state they're in.
I don't understand the need for that behavior. Maybe that's why NO Saints have a rule about cheerleaders with players.
Yeah, maybe that's why that weird rule exists ha ha! Do you think they actually force the cheerleaders to leave when a player walks in the restaurant?
I have to wonder what the consequences are. The players might get fined, or the cheerleaders fired, or something. I don't know. It seems sexist.
Very sexist, indeed. I think they need to use one of their bye weeks to think over that rule and update it to meet modern standards.
True. Anyway, great chat!
Same to you. Hope you have a better day than those Buccaneers had. Bye!
Do you like football?
I do.  I am a fan of the Ravens and Lamar Jackson.  You?
I like the patriots who are like the lannisters of football
I have never heard of the Lannisters.  I do know that the Ravens are implementing the pro-style offense after watching Philadelphia tear apart the Patriots defense with it.
Oh lannister is a reference to games of thrones
Gotcha.  We have a great center named Bozeman  - he was on Alabama when they won the national championship.
Which position do you follow?
I like watching all of the players - sometimes the quarterback hands it off to the running back, other times he does a pass to a receiver.
I also like how the quarterback is the core of any offensive
Yes the quarterback makes the decision about what to do depending on what the defense is doing.  He is in charge.
I wonder how hard it is for kellan moore as a lefty
Yes he is the only left handed quarterback.  Alex Smith is a quarterback who was working on his masters degree when he got drafted!  he is smart!
Did you know the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback?
Yes so they could hide their signals from the other team!  That is brilliant I think!
I wonder what paul hubbard's performance was like though
I am not sure.  Probably better than the other quarterback in Tom Brady's high school.  His coach would never even start Tom!
Either he hated tom or just wanted to spare him the humiliation since the team was having the worst season in history
Yes that is pretty crazy - especially since Tom went on to win 4 Super Bowls
Wasn't he like the biggest steal in nfl history?
Without a doubt - the Super Bowl is the ultimate championship in the NFL and he has won it 4 times
Indeed. In any case, thanks for chatting. I hope you have a wonderful day.
Did you watch the playoffs this weekend for the NFL?
I didn't, you? Did the panthers win?
I don't think so, but I'm not sure.  The Saints and Patriots won.  The Washington Redskins had been humiliated by the Saints in a prior week
Did you see this game? The Green Bay Packers got trounced by the Detroit Lions.
I watched the Eagles get beat by the Saints...too bad.  The Redskins coach Jay Gruden told Les Carpenter the team has a "cloud looming over our head with issues we have to clean up."  I don't think they cleaned them up because I didn't see the Redskins in the playoffs.  Did you?
No, I don't watch Football myself. I do see this too.  Josh Norman, the highest paid player at the position, is "in love with being a celebrity right now and not necessarily being a football player."
With that much money and attention, that must be what one aims for.  New England had the seventh-worst pass rush in the NFL this season but still made it to the play-offs
Apparently the patriots have trouble getting a passer. Thats got to really affect the game they play.
Maybe they need some pink in their locker rooms like the University of Iowa visiting football locker rooms.  That way the bright colors can waken them up.
They need it! The patriots also have the 7th worst pass rush in the NFL.
Yes, that's what I said previously.  I like how I know when the team will get a first down because of the yellow line superimposed on the field.  Did you hear that ESPN invented that and got an Emmy for it?
I'm sorry, I didn't see that earlier. I did hear that about ESPN. I also heard that Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
Must be a fantastic player.  I'm surprised I haven't heard more about him.  The circle huddle was created by Paul D. Hubbard a deaf quarterback so other teams couldn't get his hand signals.  Great idea, huh?
Very good idea! Totally remade football. Glad he gets the credit for it. Did you see the female football ref? The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. She is huge. I bet she could play football.
No, I didn't know that.  That is cool.  Did you hear about the highest score ever football game that was 220-0 with Georgia Tech winning.
That had to be in the very beginning of football since An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as top football stars.
Did you know that Tom Brady went to  junipero serra high school? 
Yes, that is correct.  I heard they didn't even start him at quarterback and now he's a 4 time super bowl champ!
I wonder if it hurt his confidence back then? Alex smith sure is smart too. 
It must have made him work harder.  You're not kidding!  Smith took so many AP tests and entered university as a junior.  What a hard-working individual.
Good morning!  Do you watch football?
Morning! I do! I try to watch it every week during the regular season. How about you?
Same here!  Do you watch college football?
nah not really, thats a little bit too much for me to follow and the teams are always changing around
Oh that's too bad. Those games can get really good! Speaking of, the highest scoring football game ever was a college game.  Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916.
holy cow! I wonder how that happened haha thats such a huge amount of points scored
It really is!  I wish there was a video record of it to see just what happened.  I can only guess that Cumberland had no defense whatsoever.
I know Id like to watch that game and see what happened. Did you know Snoop Dogg wrote the fight song for his high school team? haha it must have been a good song
I didn't know that!  That's pretty cool!  
and apparently the highest paid people in the US defense dept are all football coaches from the service branch teams. That seems unnecessary to me
You know, it does to me too.  In the defense dept the highest paid people should be the people defending the country.  Back in the '60s bowlers made twice as much as football players.
I wonder how much bowlers were paid? or how little a football player was paid. it is definitely the opposite today 
That's for sure.  Now football is so popular that like you said, coaches in the defense dept are high paid and tv stations can win emmys for making yellow lines.
well the yellow line ESPN made IS revolutionary and changed the televised game forever for the better
True and I love it too. It makes the game much more exciting to know just how far a team has to go to get that first down.  It's just, an emmy?
eh I dunno! they give out some strange awards apparently haha
I guess they do at that!  Oh hey, have you heard about the university of iowa's locker room for visiting teams?
yea I heard it was painted pink, must be some kind of psychological warfare!
I think so too!  It's kind of funny in a way also.  I like that they are so blatantly obvious with their warfare.
I know right? Did you know Kellen Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?
No!  I had no idea!  Honestly though, I guess I just don't pay attention to what hand they throw from.  Sounds like I may need to.  Well, it's time for me to go now.  It's been great chatting with you!  Have a great day!
Hey do you think the Rams will go undefeated this year?
hi how are you? Um, I dont know. how did they do last year?
I think they played pretty well last year, but right now they are at 8 and 0, and it is halfway through the year so they have a chance to go undefeated
Well, i guess they could. i dont follow NFL too much until late in the season. 
Well let me ask you this who is your favorite quarterback? I like Kellen Moore because he's left-handed haha just like me
is he still in the league? i wonder why there is only one lefty.
Yes I wonder that too. And I think he is but I'm not 100% sure, what do you think about Alex Smith by the way?
Is he the QB that did college in like 10 minutes or something?
Haha well he passed a lot of AP tests and was working on his master's degree before he was drafted so he's definitely a genius
Wow. the guy has the kind of mind you need for QB. is he still playing?
I think he is. But I don't watch a lot of football so I'm not one hundred percent sure. do you know how the circular huddle was invented by the way?
I figured it was just a basic part of the game. 
No it was actually invented by a deaf quarterback, he would use the Huddle to block the other team from seeing his hand signs
Oh, i guess that makes sense. i am amazed that he could play. he must have been quite good. 
Yes he probably was. It's interesting though that women are actually allowed to play in the NFL if they qualify, there is no rule against them playing
I can't imagine a women who meet the physical requirements to deal with the contact positions. maybe kicker?
Yeah I think a kicker could be possible. It's crazy though that they use tracking chips on players and the balls now, that way they can track the location and speed of the players on the field, hopefully they use this to help prevent injuries
I think the data could be used for many purposes. Maybe it could help with safety at the college and high school level too.
Yes I hope so. Did you hear about how cheerleaders are treated in the NFL? Apparently they can't even dine in the same restaurant as a player without having to leave
No eating with players? odd outdated sexist rule. Anyway, great chat!
Yes it was a great chat! And keep an eye out for BenJarvus Green-Ellis on the Patriots! He's never fumble the football and I hope he never does!
Hey there how often do you watch the NFL? You watched on TV or do you go to games
Both. i go to games occasionally. not as often as snoop dog, but i go
Haha I agree with you. I do go to games but it's very rare. I mostly watched them on TV. Did you know that the average NFL game only lasts about 11 minutes if you are counting the live gameplay? That seems so short
whoa. i want a refund. but these days even a high school stadium cost 60 million bucks..so im not holding my breath
Yep I wouldn't hold my breath I there haha. Do you know any engineers btw? apparently an engineer will make more, over his or her lifetime, then an NFL player. That's because NFL players get injured and definitely don't work their entire lives
Plus, there isn't risk of injury like there is in football. Perhaps the engineers can tweak those chips embedded in the players uniforms to measure brain injuries
That's a good point! I wish that all those brain injuries weren't the case, but it is good that they use those tracking chips to measure things like speed and acceleration of the players. I just hope that they take those off after they leave so that they're not tracked in their normal lives
yeah...dont want the wife to know where ur going. 
Haha that's a good point. Did you hear about the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders though? Definitely a weird thing in my opinion, how they have to leave restaurants if players are there
i wonder if they got chips in them too. then they can be warned before entering the restaurant
Haha I guess they should do that. Then they could be sure that the two are never in the same room. Who is your favorite quarterback by the way?
well I like the way Sam Donald recovered from his first pass...but Russell Wilson's so versatile he could play baseball
Yep that's a good point. Do you Baker Mayfield by the way? He was a big-time gamer and almost went pro, but at the last minute he changed over to playing football
wow. almost as impressive as throwing a td pass to yourself
That sounds incredible! Who did that! I want to watch a video of it. Also sounding incredible, is Alex Smith, he actually finished his bachelor's in two years and was going for his master's before he got drafted
Brad Johnson did it. Won a Super Bowl.
Oh that's cool. Have you ever bowled or watch bowling on TV before? Apparently top Bowlers in the 60s made twice as much as top football players, there's a complete reversal
wow. alex smith should give it a try. he's smart enough to learn anything fast
Yep I agree with you. I'm sure he was smart enough to use the circular huddle, by the way that was invented by a deaf quarterback!
interesting. smarter than a circular firing squad no doubt.  its not rocket science but there has only been one rocket scientist coaching in the nfl
That is interesting. I wonder if he's the best coach or not LOL. Did you ever hear about the highest scoring football game of all time by the way? Maybe that was the rocket scientist coach LOL
Hello there, do you watch the NFL
Hey! Yes I do. sad the season is over. I watched the super bowl, it was just ok this year. How about you? I am actually from Seattle so I love the Seahawks but unfortunately they didn't live up to the hype!
Nice, yeah I watch the games sometimes. DId you know women can play too?
Yeah I didn't know that was allowed to be honest. I think they are smart by not playing-it is a brutal game. I think they should be qb if anything because they are the most protected.
Yeah I guess. Would be interesting to see them in the game. I mean it only lasted for 11 minutes
True. And I hope they wouldn't do it for the money because the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than a nfl player-just too many injuries I think. Especially if there were girls, they just aren't built the same.
Yeah I guess a career in engineering is a smarter choice. Did you hear about that rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah I guess they don't want their players being distracted? Interesting tactic for sure. They sure are protective of their players. The nfl even puts tracking chips in shoulder pads!
Yeah I hope they can use those statistics like velocity, rotation and such to improve the game and reduce concussions 
Yeah me too. They really need to do something. I like high scoring games but the highest ever reported football game was 222-0. I couldn't believe that. Seems unsportsmanlike.
I know. I bet you Georgia Tech still brag about that. What a game that must have been 
Yeah I am sure. Another crazy college football fact is that University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams is painted pink. 
Wow, that does not sound nice. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yeah for creating that yellow first line marker! I think they deserve it that was a great creation and changed the way the game is watched for sure. 
Yeah that is true for sure. Do you know Benjarvus Green-ellis is?
Oh yeah the Patriots running back who never fumbled the football! That is truly amazing.
That is for sure. What a guy. And did you know Kellan Moore is the only QB that is left handed?
That's surprising. I would think there would be more. The player Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he entered college as a junior. What a smart guy.
I know, must have planned his life pretty well. Good for him. DO you know who invented the circular huddle?
Very interesting. Yes Paul Hubbard apparently because he was deaf and needed a better way to hear. And they even now use it to this day. Just became a tradition I guess, funny how that works!
I know, what a smart guy. It was really nice chatting with you.
Hi are you a football fan?
I love football, especially the NFL, how aboutyou
I'm a big fan!  Out of the 32 teams in the NFL do you have a favorite?  I'm a Steelers fan.
of the 32, i would say I am a vikings fan, both our teams didn't make the playoffs this year!
Nope!  lol  Did you know that the University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink?  Must have done that to mess with who they were playing.
That is true, I have seen it, I live where the stadium is! It is to calm and relax the other team
That's interesting!  Cool.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that era.  Times have sure changed since then.
That is crazy, I wonder what the salary difference is now! Speaking of college teams, did you hear about the 222-0 win in 1916?
Holy smokes!  Who beat the heck out of who?  lol
Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad. I would have quit and walked off the field at like 100-0, lol
That's what I call a blowout!  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv?
I did not know that, that is awesome! I love that yellow line, i used to think it was really as a kid lol
lol  Here's a good stat: Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
Wow, that is an incredible feat on his part. I feel all RBs do now is fumble the ball. He needs to teach a clinic or something
Right?  Did you know that in an average NFL game there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay?  That's crazy.  I hate how they don't utilize every second of the clock.  Especially at the end of the first half or end of a game.  When I was a kid they used to throw hail marys at the end of the first half regardless of the score.  Now they just kneel on the ball whether they are ahead or behind.
lol that is crazy. The actual game is like 3 hours, talk about boring now! lol, I loved hail marys
It was more exciting back then.  When they would run out of bounds at any point in the game the clock would stop.  Now I think that rule only applies in the final 2 minutes of each half.
yea I think it does too. Now they use tracking chips in players, have you heard this?
I was reading about it.  Makes you wonder if they can program the chips somehow to change the flight of the ball and make it go to the chip that's in the wide receivers shoulder pads.
I bet it can, I am sure these chips are created by engineers who will make more money over their lifetime than players. It was so nice chatting with you!
I had a good time!  Thanks!
Do you watch much football?
Hello! Yes I'm a fan to some extent, and yourself?
I don't know as much about it as I probably should living in the the heart of football country but it does seem like a fascinating game. 
Ahah well it depends, do you life where football is association football, aka soccer in the US? Or are you somewhere where American football is called gridiron football or even Gaelic football?
Around here it is a mix of both. It used to be all american football growing up but now soccer is kind of taking over. 
Ahh that's fair. I think they're both slow paced for me. Although the highest American football score was somehow 222-0, which seems insane.
You would think at a certain point the other team would just forfeit the game. I mean once you reach 60 points there really is no way you are going to catch them. 
Oh I'm sure, I can't imagine the feeling of the other team. I wonder what's worse, losing like that or being the visiting team to University of Iowa. They paint their visiting locker room pink, it seems demoralizing for sure.
That does seem like a very Iowa thing to do. I wonder how many times their QB fumbled to cause that much of a run on the score. 
You know who they should have had instead? Benjarvus Green-Ellis, I hear that running back never fumbled the football his entire career.
That is quite the accomplishment. I wonder if he got any endorsements out of title like that. I can imagine there are a number of products he could do like glues or gloves. 
Oh yeah, I'd definitely hope he at least got some award recognition for it. I know they do care about that in football. Like ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line.
That seems like a strange thing to win an emmy for. I guess it was an innovation at the time though and certainly made it easier for the fans at home to see the details of the play. 
Oh yeah, but at least it shows there's more interest in the sport now. I don't think it would have ever happened back in the 1960s, when even the top bowlers earned more than football stars.
I think a lot of that at the time had to do with how long the career was too. A bowler can play for a much longer time than a footballer due to all those injuries they sustain. 
Ahh that's very fair. At the same time, I'd think individual players are more profitable in football. Like quarterbacks, they can be very unique, which I'm sure earns more in endorsement opportunities.
I've always thought that the QB is overrated. I know that he calls a lot of the shots and throws but it seems like the receivers and even the defensive line do most of the work. 
That's an argument to be made. Sometimes I even feel quarterbacks have their mind outside of the game. Baker Mayfield almost didn't even go into football seriously, and thought about quitting to pursue competitive gaming instead.
Competitive gaming? Is that really a thing? How do you compete with video games? Why would you compete with video games? 
Yeah I think it's interesting, on the other hand not all hobbies seem like a waste of time. Like Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school he entered university already as a junior.
I can respect that though. I think it is great when these players make sure they have a backup plan to fall back on because football doesn't last forever. 
Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
Me too! so what do you think about the Eagles this season? are you a football fan?
Football yes ;) I mean a game when players use their feet to kick the ball ;) football ;)
What time are you a fan of? its kind of hard to pick with all the teams In the NFL
NFL ? no, I thought You said football - I like Manchaster United :) Red devils !
Oh, I see, I like Barcelona, Im a Messi fan actually I  think he is a great player.
He surely is :) I'm from Poland so I vote for Lewandowski ! :)
He is also a great player! do you think Lewandowski will go to Real Madrid at some point? It would be a great team for him.
He might - You know it's all about the money... he is kind of a primadonna but I guess he has a right to be one ;) he scores plenty of goals ;)
Yeah he does, what other players from Poland do you like or see having a big future?
Grzegorz Krychowiak seems like the most successful but on National team he played terrible... 
I see, didnt really followed Poland on the last World Cup, so howcome you dont life American Football?
It's a good think You didn't pay attention to Polish team this WorldCup... that was just embarrassing and shameful... they played terrible... I don't know, american football is just not as much appealing to me - do You like it ?
Well my favorite team didnt even make it lol, and yeah I do like it, did you know a team lost by 220 once.
is that a lot ? what is like a regular score ?
yeah that is a lot! it would be like losing 20-0 in a soccer game, and regularily teams score up to 60 points and games are tight.
what ? How the heck two teams like that could even meet on the field ? Totally different level...
Yeah, that or the other team was blind, apparently both teams were at college level.
There had to be some kind of a bet behind the scenes :) a dare or something like that ;)
Definetely, I would retire from football after a loss like that one lol, kind of like the Brazilean soccer team in the 2014 World Cup, just a total humiliation.
Yeah, but that was Brazil... kids there re being born with soccer balls stuck to their feet... quite a humiliation :)
I know and in their own turf.
hey did you know the nfl actually allows for female players?
Well, they should. Everybody is equal.
ya assuming that they met the requirements, I think that'd be interesting and I could see it happening for sure
Well, think about it, in high school, they opened football to both genders. 
ya, I don't personally watch sports but it is interesting, also it doesn't surprise me that on average an NFL game only has 11 minutes of actual game play, I personally think football is pretty boring
The only sport I watch and enjoy the most is basketball. I feel football and baseball are boring. After the 7th inning, I'm yawning.
Well did you know that the new york saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the saints players? i don't know why but that is true, the NFL is weird
Yes, I have heard about that. I wonder why. Sexual harassment?
Ya that's a good point I don't know, I read that iowa painted their visiting team's locker room pink, I wonder if that is considered harrassment
Maybe, they need to put an end to it.
were you aware that in the 60's professional bowlers made more than professional football players? thats the complete opposite of today
I bet it is the opposite of today, as well. I feel that football players do way more than bowlers.
yes I think so, do you ever bowl? I used to as a kid but I don't like how your score depends on previous frames, you and your friend could both get 8 strikes but depending on the order you would have different scores
Well, I am not a bowler. I had a turkey in one sitting, but that was it. It depends whether you have spares or not, as well.
ya one interesting thing about football though is that the huddle was created by a deaf quaterback, the circle of people blocked the other team from seeing his hand signs
Imagine how much money he is making.
ya I wonder if he patented it, also that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quaterback that plays in the NFL, I wonder if that gives him an advantage or not
Well, I heard as a rumor, but others say that it is a fact. However, people who are left handed can get into small or large accidents.
Hmmm ya I don't know, I know that they are supposed to be more artsy, also they are more likely to be gay, but that's all I've heard about left handed people myself
Really? Well, my cousins aren't gay so those are assumptions that you have.
Yes the studies show it is more likely but that doesn't mean it is 100% certain of course, my aunt is left handed but not gay, wouldn't matter to me if she was or not though
Do you watch football? 
Hello, yes I do. What about you?
I do, every sunday that it is on. 
Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he was a junior when he started college?
I didn't know that. He must be a very smart guy then. 
I think he is very smart. The circular huddle came about due to a deaf QB.
Yeah, it was done to hide the hand signals. Who knew? 
Yep, I would have never guessed that was the reason behind the circular huddle.
That is pretty cool. Did you know there is only one lefty QB in the NFL? 
I did not know that. Who is the QB?
It is Kellan Moore. I don't know if he is any good though. 
Very cool. I know Vick was a good left back in the day before he got into trouble.
Yeah, he was a great quarterback too. You have to wonder what the heck he was thinking. 
Not a very smart decision on his part. Did you known Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink?
I did. It sounds like cheating to me. What do you think?
I think so too. In the 1960's the top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.
That is pretty cool. It reminds me of that movie Kingpin with BIll Murray about bowlers in the 60s and 70s. 
Haha yes! The highest football score ever was 222-0.
Yeah, Cumberland got crushed. Well, nice chatting with you!
It was good chatting with you too. I bet that game was super boring. 
I wonder if they even there. LOL. Nice chat, have a good day!
hey there, do you watch NFL?
hey! Not so much but I did watch the superbowl this year, what about you?
Yeah only during superbowl really. I mean it is such a long game but there is only 11 minutes of playtime.
yes that is very dissappointing, were you aware that you could actually have female players on the nfl? There is no rule against it
I like that rule, if you make the cut you play.
yup, if you're good enough you can play, I don't like the rule with the Saints cheerleaders though, did you hear about that?
about them not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the nfl player?
right, and then if they are eating in a restaurant and a player walks in, then the cheerleader has to leave, that doesnt seem fair
not fair at all. i really wonder what ths is all about though
do you know about the chips that the NFL uses to track the players and football during gameplay?
I really wonder what kind of information they are collecting and it is used for?
yes they can get the speed, location and motion of all the players and the football apparently
so cool. do you know what was the highest score in a football gamer?
I think it was like 222 to nothing or something like that, man I would feel so demoralized at that loss haha
oh yeah for sure. and espn even won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line
yes, would you like to use a locker room that was painted pink? I think I would get angry personally, espeically if it was in Iowa haha
I would not midn it but I wonder what the reason behind it was
ya I think it was to demoralize the opposing playing team actually, it would make me angry and probably play better haha
did you know there is a player who has nevel fumbled in his nfl career?
yes he plays for the patriots, I would give him the ball every time! His name is Benjarvus Green-Ellis
Yeah that is interesting about him, it was nice chatting with you
Hi there!  Are you a football fan?
I am good how are you? I am not a big football fan no..
I am well.  I tend to only get into it if it is near playoff time, or if my team does well.  Otherwise, I dont tend to follow it too much.  I do like fun facts though.  Did you know the NFL only has one left handed quarterback?
I watch the super bowl but only for the half time
I tend to watch for the commercials.  Lol.
Yeah they are always good. I missed it this year were they good?
I also missed it.  It seems that Tom Brady is really cementing himself as a top QB, even though his high school JV team refused to play him.  Hindsight is 20/20
I see he is pretty popular. My friend actually was in disney after the super bowl and he was there
That would be really neat, I heard his wife actually makes more money than he does, i think she is a model or something like that.
Yeah shes a huge model. She has been modeling a long time too
That's pretty cool.  Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the invention of the digital yellow line first down marker
I did not know that. Thats hilarious! I found the talk about the idea of female players interesting
Same here.  I think it would be tough for a woman to break through in most positions just due to size.  I certainly wouldnt want to be tackled by a 300 pound player.  That would hurt.
I think the size would come in their favor though as a quarter back
Quite possibly, plus it is not like there is a lot of game play, usually only 11 minutes per game.
I saw that! I think thats crazy considering how long the games take and how much people pay to see them
It really is, that means that out of the entire game less than 25% is actually active play, and thats just counting the time the clock runs.  I think it would be a lot more interesting if there was a running clock the whole time.
They make millions though for 11 minutes of work and thats a huge flaw in our pay system in my personal opinion. 
I totally agree with you.  Although the lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average football player.  They also have a lot longer to work because engineering doesnt beat up your body quite like football. 
But to me an engineer is adding to the world where as football is solely for entertainment. 
I totally agree.  I think our priorities are severely messed up when some people cant afford to live and others live in extravagance for doing nothing.
Yeah, it also is not benefiting our economy. All the money going to the wealthy means they are spending it on high end goods and it never really trickles down as it should
It never seems to work as it should.  Its been nice chatting but I have to get going.  Have a great day!
are we done then?
Yes.  Have a great day!
hey there do you ever watch football games?
Yes i do!
ah nice what is your favorite team? I guess there are a total of 32 to pick from
Mine is The Eagles.  Who is yours out of the 32 teams?
ah I do like the Patriots myself, the superbowl was definitely slow and definteily felt like the game only had 11 mins of gameplay haha
It was definitely not a fun game to watch for sure!  Maybe if that had a woman on one of those teams it would of been a better game?
haha ya that is actually possible, I think one day we will see a female player for sure
That would be really cool!   As long as they are not Saints cheerleaders
ya they have it the worst, very nonsensical they have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in, I think thats an outdated rule
I agree... not fair for them at all!  I wonder if that is year round, or just during the season?
ya I don't know, probably all the time, scary that they have chips that can track your location and motion, hopefully they only use those on the field
Hahaaaa.. that is true... but i am sure they have them in smart phones too!
oh I'm sure, at least it give NFL teams lots of good stats, but its scary, hopefully they don't put them on the cheerleaders!
LOL!  Now that would be a lot of bouncing motion in one spot... probably hard to get good data on that!
haha thats a good point! do you like the quarterback Kellan Moore, is he good?
Don't remember him that much... but i do know he is left handed, because i am left handed too.
oh interesting, and ya do you know if that gives hiim any benefits? like do they have to run plays against him differently?
Probably, because he can move in the opposite direction and throw better that way unlike a right hander.
ya thats a good point, do you liek Baker Mayfield? he was almost a pro gamer
Oh really?  That's crazy... probably a longer career if he chose that?
haha could be, he was very dominant at halo 3, I was good I would have liked to play him haha
Hey do you like football?
Hi! I love football. In fact, the quarterback is my favorite position because he touches the ball on nearly every single offensive play and he's the leader of the offense. What about you?
Yeah same here! Do you have a favorite player?
I always loved Benjarvus Green-Ellis and one of the reasons why is because he never fumbled the football in his entire pro career. That takes serious talent and skill. What about you?
Haha it definitely is. My favorite player is Tom Brady. He is just too good. 
Indeed he is! What's sad is his old JV high team refused to start him despite never winning a game or scoring a touchdown. I bet the school still kicks themselves to this day for that mistake.
I know! He went to my alma mater too so I have extra reason to like him. 
I heard that! Ha! I also like Kellan Moore due in large part to him being the only left handed QB in the entire league. That's kind of hard to believe, isn't it?
Wow that is super unique. Did you know women can technically play in the NFL?
Yes they can as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. I'm quite surprised we haven't seen a female player drafted yet, honestly! I mean, with the average NFL game only consisting of 11 minutes of live gameplay, you'd think a woman could handle that, right?
Yeah I agree! Did you know Iowa paints their visitor locker rooms pink? 
I heard about that. You know, Cumberland was beaten so bad by Georgia Tech in 1916, 222-0, which was the highest score ever in a football game, maybe they should have had a pink lockerroom for extra motivation. Ha!
Wow that is some score. It's strange that the average NFL player isn't paid too much.
Agreed. What's even crazier is, back in the 1960s, the top bowlers actually made more than the top football players. That's depressing considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is.
Right. You're taking so many hits and all the concussion information too recently makes it startling. Have you ever played football?
So true. But the NFL is using tracking chips they stick in the players' shoulder pads to record their every move so hopefully it can help on some way to study how to prevent concussions, maybe!
I agree. Hopefully it makes a difference. Did you know Alex Smith took a ton of ap tests in high school that he was considered a junior in college.
That is amazing! He must truly be a genius! Speaking of geniuses, I was so happy when ESPN won an Emmy for the yellow first down line they created. It was so innovative and I couldn't watch a game without it now!
Haha that was an incredible moment. Have you ever been to an NFL game? 
I'd like to! But seeing as how the regular season is only 17 weeks long from September to December, it truly flies by way too fast!
It really does. It was great talking to you man! 
There is a lot of buzz happening right now during the NFL preseason.  Have you watched the game?
I didnt watch the game but I heard it was pretty intense, the NGL pre season will be interesting thouhg, I want to see how teams are doing
Yes.  Andrew Luck played for the first time after missing the previous year with a shoulder injury.  He did pretty good
Yeah that was really sad, getting injured, it must be hard for any player,
Luck was so excited to be back he was even excited to get sacked!
Do you have a favorite NFL team?
I like the Redskins - they  were not one of the top 6 teams from each Conference who got to advance to the playoffs last year.
I see, I thought they were going to perform better they actually didnt have a bad team, and what about the Superbowl final did you have a favorite team for the game?
I am always for anyone but the Patriots.  
Yeah Patriots have been winning like every game thats kind of annoying, AFC conference is almost always settled.
Yes, the National Football League games normally only have about 11 minutes of live gameplay.  The super bowl seemed worse
The Superbowl had so many interruptions, it took forever and it was a boring game I didnt like it at all
Yes.  And you think that the players make a lot of money but the average engineer makes more over a lifetime.
Well that might be because football players carreers last about 20 years and engineers work for 40 years or even more
Yes.  It is crazy how technology has entered the game.  There are tracking chips now in the shoulder pads and footballs.
I know right, its amazing how we can tell all kinds of interesting stats thanks to those chips, technology is sure suprising
The chips track velocity ball speed and location
They do, so Im guessing you know who Tom Brady is
Yes he is a well known quarterback for the Patriots and throws a lot of passes.
The same one, so he studied in Junipero Sierra High School and played the QB position as well, although the coach thought he was bad and kept him on the bench, the team lost so many games, it was terrible
Yes.  Did you know there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
hi how are you? when was the last time you had a chat about football?
Right after the super bowl. What about you? 
I have been chatting about football pretty frequently. LOL I did not see the SB this year. did you like it?
I did see it. It was a slow game. 
I heard the previous one was better. A big comeback at the end. Who were you rooting for this year?
Neither team. My team is the redskins. 
Oh, is that the team with Alex Smith? Is he still playing in the NFL?
I'm not sure. I don't follow it that closely after they start sucking. 
LOL. That is funny. I used to follow the 49ers back in the day. and now i dont really follow them.
Yeah, I was a 49er fan when I was young. 
There were great. Really a fun team to watch. I liked Joe Montana and Steve Young. Lots of great players and the coach was a stand up guy.
Yeah, Montana was good. Did you know the NFL uses chips in the shoulder pads of players? 
That is an interesting innovation. I figure that it could help with strategy, but maybe with research on injuries.
Probably for strategy, the balls have chips too. 
Yeah, that is true. maybe it helps to understand the relative position of the ball when injuries occur? i dont know.
Yeah, somehow I think it is mostly for strategy. 
Yeah, i bet the coaches want to know how the players are moving. 
That's probably true. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the game? 
That seems odd. Why only one? do coaches dislike lefties?
It might be easier to set the offense up with righties. Anyways, nice chatting with you!
That is true. Thanks for the chat! Good night!
You too, have a good evening!
do you like the NFL?
yes I do. DO you like Brady?
FOr sure I do. Did you know he was a backup QB in high school

Yes and he was never started even though the team did pretty bad
Yeah. Do you like ALex Smith?
I sure do, the guy is all brains as well, finished college in two years
Yeah he took lots of ap tests in high school
Yeah. DO you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yes that was Paul Hubbard who was a deaf QB
yeah and he invented that so others did not understand what he was signing
Yeah. Do you like Baker Mayfield?
Yes he is good and he considered leaving football to become a gamer
Yes and he says that he is really good at halo 3

Yes he says he can beat anyone in it at U of Oklahoma
Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yes there is not rule against them playing as well

Yes as long as they meet the requirement they are good to go
Yeah. The average gamplay is only 11 minutes
Yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours

True. Engineers make more than the football players over the lifetime
I guess that makes sense since they have longer careers too. Nice chat 
Do you like football?
I don't mind it. I think it is a very violent sport but it can be fun to watch. What about you?
I mean for a game with only a dozen or so minutes or real gameplay, there is so much excitement
It does seem like a lot of the game is them in a huddle or standing on the line waiting for the brief bursts of actions. 
How familiar are you with the nfl?
I know a little about them. It seems to have the teams divided geographically and then the winning ones play each other at the end of the season right?
Pretty much. The NFL's average season is 17 weeks with each teams playing 16 games by the first week
Oh wow I would have thought it was a longer season than that. I guess there is a lot of preseason stuff that is televised. 
True. It is usually from september to december
Very cool. I like that the league seems to be doing more about the concussion injuries that the players sustain. 
True. Perhaps the tracking chips nfl embed in player's shoulder pads to gather data are helping
I like that they are using the data in a good way. it seems like concussion injuries can really ruin a player's life. 
Early retirement is probably why the average lifetime earnings of engineers are higher than that of the average player
I could see that. I would rather have engineers well paid though because building safety trumps entertainment any day. 
Is there any team or position you follow?
I enjoy watching the packers play. Anyone who plays in an outdoor stadium in this kind of weather gets my support. 
Personally I like the patriots who are like the Lannister's of football
They do seem to be quite the hated team. I always thought of them as more of the yankees of football than anything. 
Well if your team wins so consistently, there will always be admirers or haters. Take your pick
So true. If they are a winning team and not doing anything underhanded then it is just people being jealous. 
In any case, thanks for chatting.
Hi there, do you watch football?
Hello! I do to some extent, I think aspects of it are very interesting. What about you?
Yes me too not a fan but watch the games sometimes. Did you know they only last 11 minutes?
That's a reason I don't love it! It's very slow paced. On the other hand it's shocking the highest score ever in a game was 222-0!
Yeah, I bet you Georgia Tech still brags about that win
As they should! That's one way it should be ok to taunt the other team. On the other hand, University of Iowa's football team has the visiting locker room painted pink, I don't know how great that is.
Yeah not sure of their intentions there. DId you know women can play in the nfl?
I didn't know that! I always assumed they weren't allowed because if Saints cheerleaders are at a restaurant and a football player comes in later, the cheerleaders have to leave.
I honestly fin that rule really messed up, it is too out of touch with nowadays
It's definitely a very strange rule. Especially considering how modern the league tries to be, they even have tracking chips in shoulder pads to record player movements.
Yeah so it does not make any sense. Do you know the QB Alex Smith?
I haven't heard of him! I rarely follow individual quarterbacks like that, is there something very interesting about him?
Yeah, he was super smart and took lots of ap tests and then was done with college in 2 years
Oh wow, that's some accomplishment. Some athletes are just very talented outside of their sport. I heard Baker Mayfield considered quitting football to pursue full time competitive gaming.
Yeah and he says that he is so good that he can beat anyone at U of Oklahoma on Halo 3
On the other hand some quarterbacks just get an advantage from their play style. Like Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback, I'm sure that helps him a lot.
Yeah probably. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
I believe it was Paul D. Hubbard! He was actually a deaf quarterback, which is why it must have been so necessary.
Yeah, that was a genius move on his behalf to use to his advantage too
Did you know Tom Brady actually played for a terrible team in high school? They went a season without scoring a single touchdown!
Yeah and look how far he has come. Nice chatting with you
Do you watch the NFL much? I watch on occasion, usually during the playoffs and the Super Bowl
Yes I watch NFL games.  You know I really like ESPN's superimposed yellow line representing the first down line.  Did you know they won an Emmy for the creation of it.  
It definitely helps the viewers keep up with where the ball is. Without it, I'm not sure if I would have figured out how the game works. I think it deserves the Emmy
So what did you think about the super bowl game this year?  
I think it would have been a much better game to watch had other teams been the ones playing. But there's not much that can be done with the playoffs being a single-elimination tournament
Well the super bowl was pretty slow.  It made me believe the statistic that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
The longest 11 minutes of gameplay of the 17 week season! I wonder if the game would have been any better if there were women in the NFL.  If they met the eligibility, it would mix things up a bit.
Well the NFL has no written rule against female players, so it could happen.  I don't believe a woman has ever played in an NFL game, right?
She would be famous if she had, right? What if she played for the Saints? Their cheerleaders can't eat in the same place as an NFL player. Would a cheerleader still have to leave if a woman NFL player walked into the same restaurant?
I would assume that all rules would apply regardless of her gender.  I think this cheerleading rule of leaving a restaurant is ridiculous.  
Most ridiculous rules like that have a story or reason behind them, but it's likely been so long that no current player knows the reason why. I know they use chips in the shoulder pads and footballs, but how long have they been using those?
I am not sure.  Another fact that is ridiculous to me is that a lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.  
Engineers are very smart and contribute a lot to the economy and society. And they work much longer. I wonder what the average NFL player makes compared to the quarterback though
I am not sure about their income.  I know some make millions.  In the 1960's, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.  Man how the times have changed.  
It's likely television has changed that one. Do you know which team Kellan Moore plays for? He's the only lefty QB in the NFL
Not sure which team he plays for, but I do know that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.  
That fact is only impressive if he played for several seasons, which it sounds like he did. I don't pay close attention to individual players
Same here.  I know football facts mostly from watching videos.  I think their history is quite interesting.  Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game was in 1916 the score was 222-0.  Georgia tech defeated Cumberland.  
At some point, Cumberland must have given up, because that's a very large loss
I am sure they did give up.  

Most of the audience at that game probably left too. They didn't have their phones to distract them from the blowout of a game
Good morning!  Do you like or watch football?
I watch a little, but I am not a super fan or anything.    11 minutes of action for 3 hours of watching is not my style.
I've heard that about the 11 minutes of live play.  When you watch the game it just doesn't seem like it though.
True there is so much hype and celebration during the game.  Those are times I use at home to refill my snacks
I like the celebrations myself.  It adds emotion to the game.  Have you heard about women playing?
I know that they are allowed, but we have yet to see one break through.  I think it would be cool though.
I think so too. I wonder if any women have tried.  I know some play on the lower levels like college and high school.
I was talking with someone who was saying there is one who is going to be at a college next year playing.  I think that is pretty cool.  Its a tough sport for sure.
Yes it is.  Have you heard of the Saint's rules for it's cheerleaders?
Yeah, that might discourage any potential female players.  That seems so unfair.
It does to me too. I think if you are worried about them getting together then make the rule that whoever comes in last has to leave regardless of  whether it's the player or not.
Yeah.  Very true.  Or just let adults be...adults
Say, kind of along the same lines of control and tracking. Have you heard about the tracking chips on the players during games?
Yeah.  Id like to see some of that data.  I bet it is fascinating!
I bet it would be too.  do you think that the teams and coaches get to see all of it?
I hope so, I also heard through the grapevine that it is sometimes used to make pads and helmets better.
That would make sense.  They really need helmet improvements.
For sure, too many concussions and things that really hurt players later down the line
Yes they do.  Quarterbacks get hurt a lot.  Have you heard of Alex Smith?
Yeah, he was the one who stayed in school to work on a Masters.  really smart guy.
i totally agree.  Very impressive of him. I mean he's obviously smart and was the first overall pick in the 2005 draft.  Well, it looks like I've got to go now.  It's been nice chatting with you!  Have a great day!
Are you planning on watching the NFL games today?
I am. I can't believe it's time for the playoffs already, the 17 week season went by quickly!
Yeah it always seem to go by so fast.  Did you know ESPN won an emmy when they started using the yellow line for the first down marker when showing games?
That's pretty cool! The first playoff game was way back in 1932.
Holy cow that is so long ago I didn't know that.  I wonder what condition the field was in that year. 
It was apparently inside chicago stadium on an 80 yard long dirt field. 
Yeah I can see that dirt field being a bit rough.  I guess the top pro bowlers in the 60's earned more than pro football players. 
I wouldn't have guess that. But also surprisingly, the highest paid Dept of Defense employees are the football coaches!
That is interesting. Who is your favorite quarterback of all time?
I don't think I have one, but Brad Johnson is the only QB to throw a touchdown pass to himself!
I wonder if that record will ever be broken.  I guess Baker Mayfield claims to be good at Halo 3. 
That's neat. I didn't realize out of the 25 largest stadiums in the world, 14 of them are American college football stadiums.
Interesting, and that is the world too, I guess Americans do everything big.  I always say team sports is about the team, but the quarterback is the most important player on a football team. 
That's true. He touches the ball on almost every offensive play and usually calls the plays, too. 
Yep that is why he is so important.  Did you know the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback?
Makes sense, so the other team couldn't see his hand signals.
Exactly, good call!  So who do you think will win the Super Bowl this year?
I'm hoping the Eagles will somehow make it in again. The Superbowl will be here soon, the first Sunday in February is coming fast!
I hope the Chiefs will make it, I'm a Packer fan but think Mahomes is a great quarterback. 
I will enjoy watching no matter who's in it. It's amazing to watch the game with all the modern technology, camera angles and tracking chips that give a lot of info during the game. 
I agree I will be watching this year like always.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a nice day. 
I really enjoy watching football, did you know that there are a total of 32 teams in the NFL?
Ya the NFL is very interesting. Did you know an average game only has 11 minutes of gameplay?
That's so short! The rest of the time is taken over by advertisements probably, anything else you can think of for why the games take up an entire afternoon/evening?
Well it may be because there a lot of planning, organizing, and breaks in between. 
That's true and strategizing. The huddle was actually created by a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signlas!
I didn't know that. Speaking of interesting facts, did you know that there are chips embedded in the shoulder pads of NFL players to track player movements.
Oh really? What do they use the tracked data for?
Primarily to make better plays by better understanding players and situations. They also put the chips in the footballs to track factors like velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location.
That's pretty neat! I wonder if the players ever use that data to negotiate better contracts or something.  Or whether the reason why the University of Iowa's locker room is painted is a cause of misused data
In regards to football, what position do you find to be most interesting? 
Great question! Definitely the quarterback because they are like the leaders on the field and direct the game, what position do you think?
I also agree on the quarterback since like you said, they do lead the offensive play. Any quarterbacks you are interested in?
Tom Brady, he is a great athlete in my opinion, but there's also only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL, Kellan Moore. I wonder if the plays are adjusted because of that
I think that it would be relatively similar. I think Baker Mayfield is also a great athlete.
What position does he play and why do you think he is a great athlete?
Baker Mayfield plays quarterback for university of oklahoma. I just think he has had a stellar record so far.
Oh wow, you think he will be going to be playing for the NFL? I think he also takes great pride in being a great video gamer as well, which is a fun fact
I also recently read that he is quite good at halo 3.
That's a fun game, maybe it's a great de-stressing technique. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than an NFL player, I find it very hard to believe, it seems like those contracts are worth hundreds of millions of dollars
Like you said games are a good way for NFL players to destress considering how much stress they put on their body mentally and physically. It is most likely the star players get a ton, but on average its well average.
Yeah, seems like a very tough and demanding job, physically and mentally. Former patriots running back Ellis has never fumbled a football in his entire career, I wonder if anyone else has a close stat to his.
That is an amazing feat, making Ellis a very reliable running back you can count on, especially for the patriots during his time with them.
Yeah, the Patriots sure do a great job of recruiting the underdogs and turning them into stars
I concur. In any case it was nice to chat. Have a nice day.
hi how are you?do you follow football much?
Hi. Yes I follow the NFL mainly. There is no written rule against females playing! Do you think one ever will?
I cant imagine it. I don't think women aret big enough to take a hit. Maybe as a kicker or something. Non contact position
Yeah wide receiver if she is fast enough. I wonder if a woman would move different than a man. They track movements by putting chips in the shoulder pads.
yeah, different shoulder-hips ratio. the movement would be different. it would be interesting to study.
For sure I would like to know. The average lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than the average NFL player!
the engineers dont have to deal with concussions either. that is a big plus.
So true! Hopefully the NFL will improve that aspect of the game with all the tracking they are doing. The movie concussion was very insightful.
I havent seen it. my guess is that CTE is a problem at every level, from high school on up.
Yes true. Hard to believe there are so many hits with only 11 minutes of actual gameplay.
That means i could watch the highlights and get enough of the game. the tickets are too expensive anyway
So true. Footballers didn't always make as much. Back in 1960 bowlers made more!
The bowlers were enjoying a golden age then. probably lots of people enjoyed the sport. now, not so much
Yes not really much anymore. The highest score in a football game was 222-0! Can you believe it?
I think that the winning coach should be ashamed. what is the point of that kind of beating? seems pointless.
Yes it is bad sportsmanship no doubt about that. Cumberland must have been so dejected. 
yeah, they should not have scheduled a game against the mighty GT. strange choice.
Agreed. But that was back in 1916 and times have changed since then. 
Maybe those tracking chips would have helped cumberland? or a pink locker room? LOL
Yeah maybe lol. Iowa is very cheeky for doing that.
Yeah, i wonder how well it works. Anyway, great chat!
Great chatting with you friend. Have a good one.
Good Evening.  Do you follow football?
Hey there I watch football sometimes. I never knew there were thirty two different teams though, do you watch it?
I watch a bit, I couldnt name all 32 but I think I could get most of them.
Apparently the teams are split between two divisions, the NFC and the AFC, but I don't know which teams go in which division, do you?
Not even close.  I just know they have playoffs and one team from each division plays for the super bowl.
Yeah and they also have no rule against female players, so I'm just wondering when you think a female player is going to start playing for the NFL? They could probably have a kicker or something right now
Maybe, but did you hear about how the Saints treat their cheerleaders?  As a woman that isnt exactly welcoming.
I did hear about that. I can't even eat in the same restaurant as a player, and then if the player comes in even if they are already eating, the cheerleader would have to leave. I think that's very messed up
It really is, I wonder what prompted that worst of sexist egotistical policy?
Yeah it seems very outdated. What is not updated though is the use of tracking chips in football players. Apparently they put chips in the players shoulder pads and they can tell how fast the players are running as well as their location
Yeah, I think they have even used it to make pads and helmets safer to find out what their bodies do when hit.  Thats pretty cool.
Yeah I hope they can fix the brain damage that players are getting. Also it's shocking that the average football game only has about 11 minutes of gameplay, that seems so low especially when games seem to last hours when you watch them on TV
Yeah, and there is 60 minutes of "clock" time.  There should be far more action!
I agree with you! Also I have an engineering degree and apparently an engineer will make more over their lifetime than the average NFL player. I guess that I have that going for me LOL
Far less damage to the body too.  I have a music ed degree, I could work 7 lifetimes and still not make that.
LOL well at least you can make good music! and it's crazy that in a 60s Bowlers would make almost twice as much as football stars, so you never know that music education Majors could end up making more sometime in the future haha
Maybe, but with the current state of things in education, Id be better off learning to play football.  lol
Haha that's true. Do you know what the highest scoring football game of all time was? Apparently it was between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0 lol
I couldnt believe it when I first heard that  I thought it had to be some fluke.  But it is true.
Yeah I would have given up when it was 100 to 0 LOL, do you like the Patriots player BenJarvus Green-Ellis?
Yeah, when he was on the Patriots he never fumbled.  Pretty impressive.
Yeah I agree. I like the Patriots a lot. Do you have a favorite quarterback? Personally I like Tom Brady
All time favorite goes to Dan Marino
I liked that he was in Ace Ventura haha. But there are other interesting quarterbacks like Kellen Moore. Apparently he was the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL, great talking to you by the way!
Hi, I was just reading football news this morning
oh really I actually read a interesting fact recently too.  Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL
That is crazy, would you believe Baker Mayfiled considered quitting football to be a professional gamer?
Yeah thats crazy.  He says he can beat anyone on the Univesity of Oklahoma on one on one halo 3 game
He could beat me for sure, I'm a terrbile gamer.  Did you know the reason they huddle before a play is so other teams can't read their hand signals?
That makes sense.  It was actually created by a deaf quaterback so that the other team couldn't read his hand signals
That was pretty smart, some players are pretty intelligent, Ale Smith earned a bachelor's in 2 years.  I wish I had done that.
He also began working on his masters degree before he became the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft.  That's impressive
Very much so, reminds me of my high school team, set a state record for most losses in a row......I guess that happened to another team with a season so bad they never played their backup quarterback, Tom Brady.
wow I bet they regret that.  I think that was Junipero High School.  They actually never won a game or even scored a touchdown.  Maybe they would have if they played him right
I guess you learn as you go, bet that coach is not happy now,  I would not be happy if I was a Saints cheerleader, they have crazy rules.
Yes they do actually.  The cheerleaders can't even eat in the same restaurant as NFL football players.  
That is so wierd,  do you know the NFL uses tracking chips in shoulders pads to recored every move of a player, talk about getting alot of feedback on your job performance.
Yeah i've heard of that.  Also they are placed in footballs to track the velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location
I guess football is serious business, do you know ESPN won an emmy for adding the yellow line showing where a first down is?
Wow that is interesting.  I also read the other day that the NFL has no written rule against female players 
Women can try out if they meet the qualifications.  It is amazing how different football is in various contries.
Yes, it is.  I saw that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of actual live gameplay
That is short, I guess commercials add more,  I wonder if any women play "football" in other countries since it is different,  I think rugby is interesting.
Yeah they many different versions of football.  Rugby, soccer, and gaelic football
I would stink at it, no matter what type I played, do you know that a patriots runningback never fumbled in his entire career?
I did see that in 1916 Georgia Tech scored 222 points against defeated cumberland who scored 9
I wonder why they don't have  cap on scoring, that is just ridiculous.
not sure.  I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvis Green Ellis never fumbled
hi, how are you?
Good. Do you still have a "house" phone?
I did up until a few months ago, what about you?
Are you a redskins fan?
I am actually an Eagles fan, so not really, but I do know a good deal about them!
They lost their QB and have done pretty poorly this year and fans are worried for sure
I understand that, Smith had a terrible injury, and they lost nearly all of their games after, it started against the colts though
Swearinger has been a rock for the team despite the troubles with the team though
He was cut around christmas I believe!
Dunbar has been playing well too
He sure has, and corner is a tough position to play as well, rules cater to receivers
He had a remarkable game against the Cardinals didn't he?
He did, a passer rating of 30 is worse than throwing the ball into the ground
I am just glad the Peterson is getting the ball a little bit more for Washington
Peterson is not what he once was, but he torched us a few weeks ago, they need to rely on him with Smith out
Yeah he managed only 20 yards a few games back.
It also depends on how to offensive line plays, if you have no chance, it does not matter how great you are
The QB spot is one of the more important positions on the team and needs to play well each week. 
That is definitely true, that is why they went down so quickly when Smith had that injury
Did you know that Brady sat the bench in high school
I did not, but he was not even a starter at Michigan, it really shows how hard evaluation of talent is
hey do you like bowling or football more?
Oh, I cannot get into football for the life of me! I mean, I think it's more interesting to watch on TV than bowling, but I'd much rather bowl for fun as an activity.
Haha well I agree with that, I didn't know that in the 60's the top bowlers made more than top NFL players though.
That's pretty crazy! I think that might have something to do with how complicated filming football is because of all the angles and perspectives you need; it probably took a while to perfect that for live TV.
that makes sense, but still an engineer will on average make more than an nfl player, if you calculate over their lifetime
I guess that makes sense. Most players have such short careers and don't really have any other skills, whereas in engineering you're valuable as long as you can remember what you learned in college.
Right that is true, also true is there is only about 11 minutes of actual game playing in an nil game on average, sounds boring haha.
I wonder how much more time there is actually played in other football sports, like rugby or Aussie rules football. The American gridiron version is pretty inefficient.
ya I agree, I actually watched a rugby match on youtube and it actually looked really awesome, way more athletic than football
Yes, I don't think their sport revolves around one player the way gridiron football does with the quarterback, who gets all of the credit and attention.
nope that is true, everyone talks about the quarterback like Tom Brady or Kellan Moore, who is the only quarterback that is left handed
Yes, Brady was the backup quarterback on his high school JV team and never played a game in a historically bad season! Crazy!
wow that is wild! ya I love Brady, do you know how the football huddle was created?
Apparently by a deaf quarterback so the other team couldn't see his hand signals. That's pretty resourceful!
ya I like that idea! Have you heard of Baker Mayfield? I guess in college he was originally going to be a competitive games
That's wild! There is a lot of money to be made in e-sports, though. Much less likely to end up with a concussion playing those!
haha good point! did you hear about the weirdness with New Orleans Saints cheerleaders? Like the things they are and are not allowed to do?
Yes! The fact that they can't eat in the same restaurants seems a bit archaic, but I guess it makes sense that they'd want the cheerleaders to stay away from the football players to prevent any drama from happening.
right that is a good point, I just think it's weird that if a player walks in then the cheerleader has to get up and leave!
Yes, so much for ladies first! Maybe they should have chips embedded in their clothes for tracking purposes like the players do in their shoulder pads so they don't end up at the same places to begin with!
haha good point! I hope that the NFL and also our government don't put chips on us like the NFL does with players, that would be scary! 
Hey! How are you? Do watch any sport?
Hey!  Yeah i watch football.  Crazy what derek carr said about the defender landing on him!
What did he say?
I wish the guy would have just landed on me besides tear his [anterior cruciate ligament]. Honestly,
That's funny. I guess you have to be like this in football :)
Yeah, like Richard sherman said "They dont care about the rest of us getting hurt. Long as the QB is safe,
True. I've recently read that NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay. It's really surprising number for me
Yeah right! Crazy that kellan moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL!
I guess my friend told me that about a year ago. Maybe he read it somewhere.
You see russel wilson is under contract with the NY Yankees?
I was sure he has the future in Seattle 
of course!  I wonder if the NFL will ever extend the season to more than 16 games in 17 weeks?
In my opinion, it makes sense. So much fun and just 17 weeks. Why not to make at least 6 months? lol
Hahaaaa... that would be cool! Love how they have tracking chips in shoulder pads and footballs!
It gives really a lot of data. I guess now game is like computer game...
it would definitely give advantages to coaches!
Absolutely! I'm sure thay need a good software to make all conclusions. 
Yup! Must be nice to have a famous father like Snoop Dog to write a fight songe for your high school!
It would be fun.
WOW.. 1100 pound american flag... that's awesome!
Ok, I need to go to actually meet a friend. It was my pleasure to talk with you. Have a great day!
You too... go football!
Do you follow the NFL at all?
I definitely do, I watch the games on TV every weekend. I follow the Patriots. Did you know that Tom Brady is a 4x superbowl champion?
He is the GOAT. The ravens are doing well late with the rookie QB
haha GOAT... Kind of interesting that quarterbacks are the glue/key to the sport. Without them, teams won't be able to score. They are considered the leaders of the offensive team. Also they get paid a lot...
A lot of attention is being paid to the Line of Baltimore as the key to their success as of late, but is it enough in time is the question?
I think so. I hope they win against the chargers.
Mayfield is another one that is getting attention but I am not convinced quite yet of his true talent
Well, hopefully Lamar Jackson will be able to pull his weight as the rookie QB.
I will be rooting for him next year though I am not a big Harbaugh fan
No one is a big dolphins fan. I'm surprised they even get paid. At least an engineer gets paid more in their lifetime than an NFL player.
True. they should give the money back. Luck seems to be a rock in Indy once again.
For 11 minutes of live gameplay, their hourly rate is high though.
Yeah I always feel unfufilled after each game
Just imagine getting paid a million dollar for 5 hours of game play.
Back in the day, bowlers made more than NFL players
Bowling is a dying sport, the cost to train for bowling is high. If bowlers train as much as NFL players, i wonder if they can get 900 games everyday.
Probably not but do you think we will ever see a game where a football team scores 222 points?
Maybe with enough training by an entire team, and constantly drinking protein shakes. Maybe having everyone as lefthanded will throw the other team's game off.
We need more superimposed graphics like the first down line that ESPN created
	Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl? 
I thought Tebow was left handed too?
I don't think so. Maybe they just need more cheerleaders. Hot cheerleaders.
The NFL should be ashamed given their stance on violence towards women for still objectifying them. Its hypocritical.
Are you a football fan?
can't say thaat I am actually, but did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed person playing quarterback in teh nfl
No kidding? Who does he play for? 
ah I think it's the dallas cowboys, do you know how the circular huddle was invented?
Let me guess, somebody was sick and tired of the old, trapazoidal shaped huddles? LOL. I would imagine it had something to do with hiding signal calling. What is the real story?
haha well from what I know I think it was a deaf quarterback, and ya he did it so that other people couldn't read his hand signs
I could see Coach Belichick of th ePatriots hiring sign language experts to decipher the next play call. Football is a complex game these days. The NFL even puts tracking chips in the ball and other equipment to gain info. 
that is wild, I'm just glad that they don't do that to civilians, did you hear about the famous quarterback who almost becaem a professional gamer?
No, but it makes sense. These guys are compettitive by nature. I shouldn''t restrict this discussion to just "guys" since NFL does not have a rule against femaleplayers. Women can be competitive too.
ya I want to see that, I could see that happening in our lifetime, the guy was Baker Mayfield he was amazing at Halo 3 btw
Cool. There is more action during a game of Halo 3 than in the average football game. A typical 3-hour game only has about 11 minutes of actual gameplay. Maybe Baker want a little more action...
haha that is frunny, I agree with that though I think football is boring, even crazier is that an enginner will make on average more than a nfl player over their lifetime
Yeah, but the average engineer wouold give it all up for just one day as a QB in the NFL. That is unless he prefers to dine with the New Orleans cheerleaders, who are prevented from even dining in the same restaurant as football players.
haha ya that is so weird, such a crazy rule, also crazy that espn won an emmy for the yellow line in football games, like it seems so obvious 
They were probably up against two closed caption transcriptionists, and one jingle writer. They were a shoe-in.. What impressed me was learning that the Univ of Iowa school painted the visitors locker room pink.
haha ya I know right, like I would get mad and probably play better if I were in a pink room cuz I'd be so mad, but thats me haha, do you like the patriots?
I grew up near Buffalo, NY. Hatred for Patriots is in the gene. You? I would have loved to have seen the Patriots lose another Superbowl, only this time by a margin bigger than the 222-0 score in the Georgia Tech/Cumberland record-setting game.
haha, well I for one love the patriots and was super happy that they won again! I like how Benjarvus has never fumbled a ball in his career, I would always give it to that guy!
Patriots are a talented team, and Coach B has done a great job keeping them on top. I just would like to see something new at the Superbowl. And I don't think the NFL players these days are worth the money they are paid. I would vote that we go back to the way it was in the 1960s, when bowlers made more than football players. But that is just me.
haha that is true, I would agree with you on that, I know my dad appreciates the old days of football when local people played for local teams, so the city actually meant something, now players are for any team, and the cities mean nothing really
Yeah. Are you familiar with the TX A&M 12th-man story? One game, the team ran out of players so a student came out of the audience and volunteered and played the game that day for the team. Pretty wild really. Well, nice chatting with you!
Hello,  do you watch football?
I do like football my favorite team are the Packers although I dont always agree with the moves they make concerning players, what about you?
I do watch it sometimes not a lot though.  did you know that females are allowed to play football in the NFL?
I did not know that although I did hear the Saints have an unfair rule against cheerleaders,
Yeah I read that too,  that is pretty messed up that the cheerleaders can eat at the same restaurants as the players.
Yeah, I feel pretty disgusted because of that rule, cheerleaders should sue the team, come together and make them abolish the rule.
Yeah,  that would be good for them.  I hear the NFL uses tracking chips to track movements.  
Yes I heard about that too, they are embedded in the players shoulders and the football also has a tracking chip.
That is pretty awesome.  Great use of technology.  
I agree, that kind of stats werent available back in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated the team of Cumberland by 222 points.
That is pretty crazy!  Just like the average game play of a game is only 11 min,  usually the whole thing last like 3 hours lol 
I know lol, that fact doesnt look accurate, the last game I saw, the Superbowl, was extremely long, more than 11 minutes for sure
Well i think they mean the actual game play is only 11 min.  in football,  they use a lot of time outs and breaks,  for these things they stop the game play clock.  They only resume it for actual game play. 
I guess I will pay more attention to gameplay from now on, there is only one lefted handed quarterback in the NFL
Yeah thats a weird fact.  i hear the university of iowa s opposing team lockers are painted pink lol 
I wonder what effects that had on the opposing teams, I would get really pissed off at the other team because of that. 
Some kind of tactic I think,  I think it is suppose to soften them or something lol 
That could have an opposite effect as well lol. do you know who Brady is?
Tom Brady? Yes.  I think he plays for the Patriots. 
Yeah Tom Brady the same one, so apparently he also played for his highschool team but the coached benched him the entire season, the team lost so many games
Haha thats hilarious!  well its been good chatting! 
Hi there, do you watch football?
I sometimes watch. It can be fun. What about you?
Yeah me too sometimes. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?
I guess they could! I wonder what position they would play. They don't have the size.
Maybe a kicker? I think it would make the game more fun to mix genders in there too
I guess, but where is the feeder system? College trains potential pros. I think we'd need something like that for women.
Yeah we will have to wait and see I guess.
I would love to get paid like them, but the injuries are tough. Not much career longevity.
Yeah that is true and I guess that is why they make less money than engineers over their lifetime
I would rather see more women in engineering that in the NFL. We need engineers. 
Yes that is very true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
The cheerleaders? They have rules? Ok. 
Yeah, they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
That seems odd. I guess there were problems and they made a rule. Hm.
Maybe I just find it weird that even if they are eating and are mid meal , they have to leave. SO sexist
Yeah, that rule is out of date. No need to eject cheerleaders. The tracking chips might help avoid the situation in the first place. LOL.
Well at least they are using them to collect lots of staff that hopefully can help in decreasing concussions too
It wouuld be good to reduce player injury. Bowlers in the 60s certainly had it made. More money than pro football players, and no concussions.
Yeah that is such an interesting fact actually. Things have changed though a lot now. Do you know what the highest score in football history is?
Probably higher than the IQ of the players. I guess it was a huge blowout.
Yeah it was 222-0, that is insane. Nice chat
Do you like the Redskins?
Is that a NFL team? There's so many names for all the different teams in sports that I can't keep up
Yeah its an NFL team, apparently they have a great defense this season
Interesting. I'm not even sure what city they're from
They are from Washington, and yeah, you should keep an eye on them this coming season, they might suprise us all
Are you a big football fan? I tend to pay attention to the NFL around the playoffs
I do, I like the game, my favorite position is QB, they are the most important players in a team
They're also responsible for calling the play in the huddle, which is a lot of responsibility for one player
It is, they must have a great memory, do you know who Tom Brady is?
I'd have to live under a rock not to know who he is with all his Super Bowl wins. It's the other QBs that I'm unfamiliar with
Yeah lol he is a leyend well he used to be the benched QB in his high school, the coach missed of that talent
I wonder how often Kellen Moore played in high school. He's currently the only lefty QB in the NFL
The only one? wow, I bet he is good too, Alex Smith is another good QB and also really smart
Have you ever heard of Brad Johnson?
No, is he another QB?
Yes, and he's the only one in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself. He won the Super Bowl
Thats awesome I wonder how he did that lol, MVP for sure, he threw the pass and caught it 
Definitely. Only two African American QBs have won the Super Bowl, and both beat the Broncos when doing so
I bet they were reallly talented, did you hear about the emmy ESPN won?
For the first down line? It's definitely helped viewers stay engaged in the game
I know right, great invention. The game wouldnt be the same without it. 
Do you think Aqib Talib will be able to give enough to the Rams to continue to justify having him on the roster?
Probably, Aqib Talib is one of the best cornerbacks in the league
Still? He used to be but it seems to me like he's getting older and slower
He can't be that bad if the Rams wanted him to play on their defense
Rams defense is so good, hopefully they can keep it up, they'll be back in the Super Bowl in no time.
Yea, the Rams have so many Pro bowls CBs already, defense is definitely not a problem
Aaron Donald is crazy good, I wish they would have beaten the Patriots. Marcus Peters is another all-pro CB they have too
Yea, as long as they still have Wade Phillips as their defensive coordinator I like their chances
The head coach is great too. I'm surprised the Packers signed Sam Shields again, he seems like he's getting a little bit older and slower now.
All I know is the Broncos aren't in a good position for success after the trade
No, especially with Joe Flacco, their super bowl odds went down. Kirk Cousins was a good pick up for the Vikings, he'll be out of control next year
Yea, Detroit is gonna have another bad year too despite having a rocket scientist as their head coach
Rocket science and football don't really mix that well, Seahawks defensive elite era is over unfortunately, the legion of boom is no more. 
The Browns should win some more, it's funny since 1999 Ben Rothlesberger has the most qb wins in their stadium
Browns are going to be good in the next few years, hopefully they keep picking well with their high draft picks. Alex Smith took so many ap tests that he started college as a junior, that's nuts. Too bad about his leg though.
Yea that sucks but hopefully Smith was able to finish his Masters degree
He won't need it hopefully, he's set for life with his contract
I guess so, Russell Wilson also has a fallback if his nfl career ends, he has an mlb contract
Just like Tom Brady. It'd be hard to go from 11 minutes of play in the NFL to 18 minutes in the MLB, gotta be hard!
Well they could always do broadcasting like Kellan Moore who was also the only left handed qb
They should, go chatting with you!
Have a good one
Hello, are you a fan of football?
Not really though I did go to a Super Bowl party. I guess the next football game I watch will be the next Super Bowl which should be the first Sunday in February of 2020. How about you?
I am somewhat interested for sure. I think it can be too slow paced though, then again the highest score ever was 222-0.
Yeah, I mean, there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay in the average nfl game
That's incredible, a lot of standing around and waiting. That's probably why engineers make more money than the average NFL player.
Interest in football seems to have evolved very quickly. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as more as top football players
And now the culture has changed so much. ESPN even won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line to show a first down, that wouldn't have been a big deal back then.
Yeah, and the technology has progressed so much. There are tracking chips in balls and shoulder pads.
That's very progressive, it's surprising then the lack of progressiveness in other areas. Saints cheerleaders can't even eat in the same restaurants as NFL players.
Yeah, and cheerleaders have to get up and leave even if they were there first.
On the other hand the league isn't entirely sexist. There's no unwritten rule against female players.
I hope that a woman enters the NFL one day! I haven't heard of any football players in modern times with disabilities either. But the circular huddle was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf quarterback so the other team wouldn't read his hand signals.
That's sweet, it's nice they still kept that. A lot of people involved in football are certainly smarter than we give credit for. Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he entered college as a junior.
What do you think of Baker Mayfield's idea, to quit ofotball to pursue full time competitive gaming. Would that have been a smart move?
I doubt honestly! I think he probably made a lot more money in the NFL than if he had been in competitive gaming
Tom Brady is certainly making a ton of money. But when he was in high school, they refused to start him even though they were having a terrible season
Wow, that's incredible. I heard his team was historically bad, did they even win a single game?
Hmm, not sure! And now Tom Brady has won the super bowl multiple times.
On the other hand, I wonder what happened to the starting quarterback. Maybe he should have switched to competitive gaming instead.
That is funny. Speaking of quarterbacks, I wonder why there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL
It's Kellan Moore right? It probably gives him an advantage, I bet players aren't used to it. Anyways, it was nice chatting, have a good night?
Have a good one. The chat has gotten me a little more interested in football!
I am a foot ball fan. Are you?
Sure. What's your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Bears. How about you? Also, are you familiar with Alex Smith?
I like the Cowboys. No, who is Alex Smith?
He was a QB but I'm not sure he will be back because he had a bad injury. He entered college as a junior and was working on his master's degree when drafted. Smart man. 
That's pretty cool! A little different than Baker Mayfield. He was a qb for Oklahoma and considered quitting to be a professional gamer.
Hopefully he is still good when he retires and can start a second career that he loves. 
I can't imagine him being as successful playing video games as he would be playing football, but who knows? Did you know there's only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL right now?
I did not. You would think there would be more but I don't recall seeing QB's throwing left handed. 
Yeah, me neither. Did you know women are technically allowed to play football?
I did not. I don't see a reason then why there has not been a female kicker. 
I would imagine working in the NFL wouldn't be very fun for a woman, it's a pretty sexist industry. Have you heard about that rule the Saints have for their cheerleaders?
I did and it sickens me. Apparently cheerleaders can't eat where football players do but if they are already there and eating they have to stop eating and leave if a player enters. What is the point in that? It's humiliating. 
Right? Why wouldn't the football player have to leave? Maybe that's why you see an increase in female engineers and not football players!
Good point. Did you know that engineers make more money in a lifetime than football players?
That makes sense, since their careers last much longer. Still crazy NFL players make what they make for only 11 minutes of gameplay.
That's so little. I knew they seemed to waste a lot of time during the game but I would never have thought it was that little time. 
Apparently, back in the 60s, bowlers made twice as much as pro football players.
What?! That's shocking. I never even see televised bowling games anymore. I couldn't tell you the name of one professional bowler. 
Yeah, I guess it's not very common. I see it every now and then on ESPN. Anyway, this has been a good chat.
Nice chatting with you as well. 
Do you like football?
hey, I kind of like it I don't watch it a lot or anything, just when I'm with friends what about you
I watch it casually but the Super Bowl this year was boring.
ya it was boring, did you know that snoop dog wrote a song for his son's football team? haha
Wow, that is awesome. He also sponsored his high school football team too. He is a great guy.
ya that is cool, can you believe they spent 60 million dollars to build a high school football stadium in texas? 
That is crazy. They are dedicated.
I guess, dedicated or stupid haha, seems like you could spend that money on something more important but what do I know
True. They could use that for charity.
thats true, how much do you think those huge USA flags weigh that they use at football games?
I don't know. However, I bet that it's tiring for those waving the flag continuously.
haha well it weighs 1100 pounds and they cna cost up to 50k USD, I mean theyre not cheap and super heavy!
That is crazy. They got some strong arms.
what is scary to me is that they use chips to track NFL players speed and also the speed of the ball, they can get all kinds of stats from those
That is crazy! They do not put them under the skin right? They have it in the pads.
haha yes they put it in the uniforms or something, and ya it can track their location, speed, and direction, etc
If someone accidentally wore the wrong uniform, then that would mess up the stats.
haha good point, did you know that Matt Patricia is a rocket scientiest, he is currently coaching a team in the nfl
Not a clue about Matt Patricia.
ya, and I guess the team he coaches has a fight song with math words like cosine, sin, and tangent
That's geometry. Well, it was nice chatting with you.
Do you follow the NFL?
Yeah. I like Tom Brady....feel bad for Alex Smith
Why do you feel bad for Alex Smith? and yeah Tom Brady is a great QB
he such a smart qb. took a lot of ap test in high school. he was leading the 49er to the super bowl then gets replaced by colon K...even tho he was the highest rated qb in the nfl. now he got sent to dc and is injured
Oh thats too bad! I guess football is a game with a lot of injuries, some of then can end your carreer
yeah. maybe he should've been a bowler. the top bowlers used to make twice as much as football stars
Thats crazy, I dont see bowlers making much money these days, did you know about the tracking chips the NFL use?
I know about the potato chip i use while watching the nfl. are these different?
Yeah these are different lol, these are tracking chips players have in their shoulders and also a tracking chip on the football
i wonder if the saints put them on their cheerleaders...in order to make sure they are not in th e same restaurant as the players
Anything is possible with that team, that is a lame rule, sexist and unfair
yeah...wonder which team will have the first female player
I bet that wont be happening anytime soon, did you ever watch Benjarbus Green-ellis play?
does he have anything to do with the butt fumble?
No I dont think so, Ellis is a player that never fumbled in his NFL carrer, his a former RB
must have been a Patriot. Beleichik hates fumbles
Yeah he played for the Patriots, and Beleichik is a great trainer, he has a great team as well so that makes things easier
someone should try painting their locker room pink. U of Iowa does this to opponents. worth a shot
I think its a great strategy, can help calming the other team but it can also backfire and get the other team pumped up
yeah...maybe thats what hap penned to Georgia tech when they won 222-0
222-0 thats a close one lol, I bet the other team still has nightmares from that game
me too. take care now
Do you watch football?
I have watched a few times, but I'm not a big fan anymore. I think it has gotten too politically charged.
I don't know a lot about it. I was surprised to learn that in the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top football players!
That is surprising. Did you know that there isn't really a rule against women playing in the NFL?
That's pretty cool! I didn't realize that An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay!
Who knew?! It seems to take forever for a game to be finished when I am waiting to get a chance to watch what I want on tv! 
Haha. Exactly! I heard the playoffs start soon. Seems like the 17 week season took a long time!
Like I said too many politics. Odell Beckham has been talking too much smack about Eli Manning. I live in Mississippi and the Mannings are local legends.
Oh boy! I heard that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl.
Yea, there's all kinds of sports trivia. Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never funbled the football in his entire NFL career! The NFL is a huge business with a lot at stake.
That's amazing! The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0!
I think I read somewhere recently where an engineer makes more in a lifetime than a football player. Even more surprising is that there was a quarterback from the University of Oklahoma who wanted to quit football to be a pro gamer!
I heard he claimes to be able to beat anyone at the university of oklahoma one-on-one in halo 3.
I have never played Halo, but I love Call of Duty. Professional gamers make a lot of money. Must be nice to do something you really love for a living. I guess that is how footballers feel too.
It sounds great! I didn't know the circular huddle used in todays American football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals.
If I had to pick a team for something noteworthy, it would be the Saints. They are so particular about their cheerleaders that if a cheerleader is in a restaurant and an NFL player comes in, the cheerleader has to leave. 
That's ridiculous. I guess football didn't always pay so well because  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. 
Yea it is ridiculous. I wonder how that would work if there did happen to be a woman football player? Would the cheerleaders still have to leave?
Haha. Good question! I learned a lot today. Thanks for chatting! 
Yea, I learned a lot about football today, probably more than I really want to know. Maybe I'll try to store some of it in my brain in case I play trivia anytime soon!
Good plan :)
Quarterbacks must be one of the most important players on an American Football team...right?
I agree, after all he is the only one who participates in every offensive play, the QB does an important job indeed.
Plus, he gets to call the team to a huddle, which usually gets a TV closeup!
Yeah the QB definitely gets a lot of attention from the cameras, do you know who Tom Brady is?
Not really, but I have heard the name...I don't know much about football...do you?
I know a bit about it, so Brady is one of the best QB ever, a hall of famer and all and he didnt make it to the main team in high school, his team lost like almost every match.
Wow that is inspiring! I think the most exciting thing for me around football season is the traditional foods...do you have a fav football food?
My favorite food is chicken wings for sure, are you watching the Superbowl?
That's my favorite, too. I might watch the Superbowl. I don't even know who is playing, though!
The Patriots are playing against The Rams, Tom Brady is the QB of the Patriots,
I just heard that the NFL uses chips to track the footballs. That's amazing it works, especially if the ball was knocked around much!
You know the players also have chips in their shoulders, its amazing how tech advances and know we can learn cool stats from games.
That would be a great job to work for the NFL doing statistics like that, I bet!
Football is sure full with surprises some of them unpleasant like how The Saints have a sexist rule, their cheerleaders can be at the same restaurant as the players, they must leave if a player arrives, makes me so mad
That is a football rule I don't understand. That would only make sense if it was for opposing teams but it would still be incredibly rude!
It would be rude, you know its weird but an NFL game only has 11 minutes of actual gameplay,
The NFL sure does have lots of extra time for things like commercials, then!
There is a lot of time indeed, did you know the Patriots have a rb that never fumbled the ball, that must require crazy skills
That's incredible! Unlike Baker Mafield...he used to be quarterback but no he is a gamer and plays Halo  3.
I heard he almost became a pro gamer instead of a becoming a football player, I wonder how that decision would have worked.
I might say it would be healthier to play football, but then I thought of the injuries...
And also all the brain damage football can cause on players, a dangerous but beautiful sport indeed.
One must really have a deep love for it to continue.
Maybe the fame and the status is what makes many players continue and also the thirst for glory
How's it going! Do you watch the NFL? My favorite team is the Seahawks!
I love watching football!  Mine is the Steelers.
Oh nice. Yeah I enjoy the NFL. I loved when the Seahawks had the Legion of Boom era.
Oh yeah.  Did you know that there is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL and that is Kellan Moore?  I'm not familiar with him.
Me neither he must not be one of the popular players lol. One player I do remember is Benjarvus Green-Ellis because he never fumbled the ball!
That's an incredible stat line to have.  Browns QB Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue a career of competitive gaming.  What was he thinking?
Haha must have loved video games. Can make good money. But nowadays ball players make a lot. Back in the 60's bowlers made more!
Times have sure changed since then.  I wonder what the highest football score ever was?
Good question. I think it was when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. I can't imagine how that even would happen. 
Holy smokes!  Cumberland got whipped.  Did you know that the University of Iowa's visitors locker room is painted pink?  Wonder why?
Haha yeah wonder what the other team must think. Ya know that yellow 1st down line...ESPN won an emmy for that!
Nice.  I like that line.  It changed the way you watch football.  The circular huddle that all the teams use was created by a deaf QB so he could relay the plays via his hands to the other players.
Oh yeah Paul Hubbard. I wonder why teams still continue to use it to this day?
I'm not sure.  Pretty interesting.  The NFL has only 11 minutes of actual gameplay per game.  That seems crazy for how much money they get paid.
I agree that seems ridiculous and still so many injuries! The NFL has no law against girls playing and yet no girls have yet...do you think they ever will?
I think at some point ... maybe as a kicker or punter?  Speaking of girls...the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat at the same restaurant at the same time as an NFL player.  Kind of an odd rule.
Yeah that seems a bit unfair. Shows how much trust they have in their players...or cheerleaders. It's also interesting how the NFL uses tracking devices in shoulder pads and helmets.
That almost seems like they are taking technology a little too far for a game.  Although there's big money involved so I can see them wanting to fine tune the game.
Yeah. They can track a lot like velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location.
Interesting.  It pays to be an engineer.  In the long run they make more in a lifetime than the average NFL or MLB players will make in their careers.
Wow they really are smart! Have a good one!
Hey there do you like watching football? I don't really do that myself, I'm not a sports guy
I actually do. Did you know Snoop dog wrote a song for the high school team of his son?
No I didn't know that. Have you heard what it sounds like? I do know that one team painted their opposing team's locker room pink. I wonder how that worked out for them haha
Yeah that must not have been very pleasant. Do you know who are the three most paid defense employees?
I think they're all football coaches aren't they? That seems like a massive waste of money to me?
Yeah they are, not sure what to make of that really. Do you know where is one of the largest high school stadiums?
No I don't can you tell me? Also have you heard of the highest scoring football game of all time? It was 222 to 0
The stadium is in Allen, Texas with 18000 seats and cost $60 million to build. Oh who played in that game?
Yep it was Cumberland vs. Georgia Tech, and Georgia Tech won. They must have either been amazing or Cumberland was horrible I'm not sure which LOL
Wow that is a huge difference. Did you know the majority of largest football stadiums are in the US?
No I didn't know that. That's really crazy. Did you know that the average NFL game only last for about 10 or 11 minutes in terms of Life gameplay? That seems solo but explains why I get really bored haha
Wow that is so short. Did you know nowadays they put tracking ships on the players?
I didn't know that no? How does that work? I do know that the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have a lot of rules they have to abide by though. For instance they can't be in the same restaurant as a player, and if the player enters the restaurant then they have to leave, that seems really stupid
Well the tracking chips are in there to track velocity and speed and rotation so that they can use those to make the game better. I find that rule so sexist
Yep I agree with you. Do you know any Engineers? Apparently over their lifetime they'll make more than any MLB player or NFL player for that matter
I guess that makes sense because football players might make a lot but their career is short
Yep that's true. They just have to be smart with their money I guess. Do you like any NFL quarterbacks? For instance Baker Mayfield or Alex Smith?
I like Alex Smith, heard he was super smart too as he finished college in 2 years
Yep he is a genius. He was even working on his Ph.D before he joined the NFL. Baker Mayfield was almost a full-time video game player. He is really good at Halo 3
Yeah heard he also has said that he can beat anyone in that game at the U of Kansas
Yep you're right. What about the circular huddle. Have you heard about how that started? It was started by Deaf quarterback
Do you like football?
some
I don't as I get a bit bored. There is only 11 minutes of gameplay during each game.
I think that is why Budweiser is a sponsor, breaks the tedium
I do like Budweiser commercials. The frogs stick out to me. I am looking forward to the Super Bowl because I will get together with friends.
Would be great if girls could pass eligibility requirements, make it more interesting
Yeah, I heard there are actually no rules against women playing. Hopefully some women can play one day or even if more interest was shown in women's professional leagues, that would be great.
I don't know much about the rules but do like to hear comments like one, "ultimately, we have to throw the ball in  order to move it" was hilarious! 
I read that but wasn't sure exactly what it meant.
yeah, kinda funny tho in football games to hear, makes it entertaining for those of us that don't  care much for the game otherwise.
Ah, yeah, I see. Speaking of funny things, when Tom Brady was in high school, his team kept losing, and they refused to start him, the backup quarterback. Now he's a four time super bowl champion!
Crazy right! lol, gotta wonder about that coach!  Funny stuff! heard too that new orleans cheerleaders can't eat in same restaurants as players! gah!
I really wonder why that is! Sexism or something else?
no clue, somebody complained somewhere and a rule was born! voila! something like who started putting tracking chips in player uniforms? somebody had an idea!
Yes, it's amazing what technology can do these days! I heard ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line.
Whoa! no kidding, big stuff emmys, especially for a sports channel eh? Nice! Clever though, helps out those of us that need a little help lol! 
Right! It helps me keep track of things that are going on. What do you think about the Redskins? I hear that the Redskins defense has improved this year. They beat the Cowboys 20-17.
Oh? well, haven't they always hated the cowboys though? great to get a chance to beat them!
Yes, you're right! It seems that Redskins fans dislike the Cowboys. The team takes their competition very seriously, it seems
On another note of possible interest to a non-fan, I heard that Iowas locker room is painted pink for the visiting football teams at the university! how cool is that! 
That is funny! Though I wonder if it's supposed to be insulting? Because don't a lot of NFL players dress in pink to show support for breast cancer? Maybe it's not such a punishment anymore!
oh! Clever thought, breast cancer indeed! But yes, I think it is supposed to be insulting like that sheriff somewhere that makes his criminals wear pink clothes lol but you've a good thought! a good way to change it up on them!
Ah, that is true. Pink is starting to be cool though, I think!
Hi!  Are you a fan of football?
Good, yes I am.  Are you?
I watch from time to time, mainly during the playoffs.   It seems the most exciting then.
Yeah, I feel ya.  They could liven it up some if they had female players!  You know there's no NFL against them.
Yeah, with how they treat cheerleaders I doubt any woman is jumping to get to the NFL.
I had heard about the New Orleans Saints cheerleader that can't eat at the same restaurant as players.  That seems like discrinination, to me.
I agree, especially that they have to leave if they are there and a player walks in.
Makes you wonder if there was a specific incident that prompted a rule like that?
It really does.  I dont know what it could have been.  Anyway, did you realize there is really only 11 minutes of active game play in any given game?
I know there was alot of wasted time spent standing around and all, but Wow!  That last Superbowl I watched seemed like it dragged on for 3 hours!
It did seem that way.  I was following score updates online. The Patriots pulled it out at the end, again.
Tom Brady, he's the man.  Seems like he always saves them. He's one fine example of a great quarterback.
He is, they didnt realize that early on with him though.  His high school JV team wouldnt play him despite never scoring or winning.
I bet they wish that hadn't done that to him! I was surprised to learn that there is only 1 left handed quarterback in the NFL.
Same here, I wonder if it makes things harder for him, or the team.  It must throw off the defense too.
I would think it's more of an advantage once his team gets used to it.   Massively harder for the opposing team that's not used to it, though.Did you know the huddle came about because of a deaf quarterback?
Its because he didnt want the opposing team stealing his hand signals isnt it?
Yes, it was.  Did you know there was a player that never fumbled a football, not even once, in his whole career?
Let me guess, he played for the Patriots?  LOL
Of course, you know they are my favorite team!  Benjarvus Green- Ellis was the player and I can't even begin to fathom the pressure he must have felt to remain perfect.
Probably a lot.  That is one amazing record.  Its been great chatting!  Have a nice day!
Hi do you watch the NFL?
I sure do. Did you know women can play too?
Yeah as long as they meet the requirement there is no rule to stop them
Yup pretty much. There are only 11 minu
tes of game play in a game
Yeah that is true and yet we are in front of the tv for forever it seems 
Yup pretty much. They are using tracking chips on the players in the field now
Yes they are collecting a bunch of info like velocity and rotation and such but not sure what for
Well I hope they can use them to make the game safer for the players
That sounds good to me. U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink
I wonder why that is. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
Yeah things have really changed now. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?
I think it was 222-0 but I forget who played in that game. Do you know?
Yes that was is and the game was played between Georgia Tech who won, and Cumberland

Yeah them thanks. ESPN won an Emmy once, do you know what for?
Yes it was for the superimposed yellow line back in the day
Yes and I am so grateful for that line, it  has made watching the games from home much easier
True. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Yes he is a former rb who never fumbled the ball in his career
Wow amazing talent there. Do you know who Kellan Moore is?
Yeah he is the only QB in the NFL that is left handed
Yeah I wonder if it gives him any advantages at all
Are you a fan of the NFL?
I'm not a great fan. I follow them some. How about you?
Me too, I used to a lot more years ago, but I follow them here and there. An average nfl game only has like 11 minutes of actual gameplay now
That's a lot of time watching for 11 minutes. And they say baseball moves too slow.
Right lol. Both are moving in that direction. Would you say you have a favorite team to watch of the 32?
I am a Rams fan since I grew up in Southern Cal. How about you?
Nice, Rams almost had it this year! I am a vikings fan, they almost had it last year!  Is Jared Goff your favorite QB?
I would have to say yes. I used to love Fran Tarkington when he was with the vikings.
For sure, he was a great quarterback back in the day. Have you heard of Alex Smith?
No, who is he?
He is the quarterback of the redskins, or was, he had a really bad injury this year on his leg. He was very smart, he got a degree as a sophmore and then became the #1 overall pick as a qb
That is smart. Interesting that they call soccer football. There may be more action in soccer but nothing ever really happens. 
Right lol, too much false hopes in soccer. Do you follow college football?
Not at all. I used to follow all the sports, but now it's mainly baseball. What sports do you follow the most?
I follow football and basketball most. My favorite college team is the Iowa Hawkeyes. In football they paint the opponents locker room pink
That's too funny.
Or bring your own cans of paint lol. They do it because pink has a natural calming effect if you see it. Psychology 101 i think
Sounds right. I thought they were trying to insult them.
Did you ever hear about the college game with a score of 222-0?
Yes. Would you have just walked off the field if you were on comberland?
I would have walked off the field when it got to like 100-0 and never played again lol! It was so nice chatting with you, enjoy your day!
hello,  how are you?  I just read The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
Wow that is strange
Also strange is In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.  Isnt that crazy?
Didn't hear that one before.  Did you know that 14 of the world's largest stadiums belong to american college football teams?
I did.  That is crazy,  I wonder why the largest stadiums go to colleges.  
Maybe because the state is funding so they waste money on it
Makes sense i guess
American Flags at football stadiums can weight 1100 pounds and cost $50000
yeah right,  thats so much money for a flag.  
Also, a high school stadium in texas seats 18,000 people and costs 60 million to build
Crazy.  Did you know The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
I wish they'd get a chance.  Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his high school's football team
Thats awesome,  I wonder if it was rap lol Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
That's hard to believe!  Lots of technology involved in nfl like chips in shoulder pads to record players moves.  
yeah,  I guess that makes sense,  I wonder when they started doing that though.
I don't know.  More pressure I guess to make the right moves, but less brains and more computer brains involved 
Alex smith took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years, and began working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft.
Smart guy and motivated! Athletes don't always get the credit for their brains.  On a funny note, brad johnson is the only quarterback to throw a touchdown to himself in nfl history
Thats amazing,  lol how does that even work?
I'm wondering myself how that was legal?
I have no clue,  must have been by chance.  Good talking to you,  have a good one. 
How much do you like football?
a lot.  you?
I really enjoy it, I pretty much watch every single game that I can.
do you watch college or pro football
Usually I watch the NFL, but occasionally I'll watch college.
I like pro cause it is more interesting.  College football players most of them are not good. What do you think
I agree. The problem I have with college is that there is just too many people to remember. I know most NFL players.
I concur.  Do you watch other countries' football like Canadian football
Not really. If nothing else is on I might watch it or if I'm at a bar sometimes they have it on if no other sports are on.
do you think AFC or NFC win this year super bowl
I want the NFC to win it, but the Chiefs are a really good team and I think they would be my pick to win it all.
I strongly believe the Chief will make it to the conference but not so sure about super bowl cause of their running back situation
Not having their started will for sure hurt them, Mahomes is a beast though. Who do you think is gonna take the Super Bowl.
the Ram cause they are pretty healthy
Rams and Chiefs are my current picks for the Super Bowl. They are both amazingly powerful teams this year. Seeing either one in the Bowl would be nice. 
Yeah, both will be superbowl contending team for a while
For sure. I'm surprised at the Rams last game against the Bears. Do you think they will have a tough time if they play them again?
in cold weather, it is for sure.  By the way, nice chatting with you
Yeah, have a good day.
bye
Hi, how are you?
hello, im great, what do you think about the Jets and their goal to land Kirk Cousins.
I think they should be thankful they did not land him. They got a great young QB instead...
I think that is a great decision, if they have a young QB then they can polish him, and I bet he wasnt as expensive as Cousins.
No, he was out of USC and rookie contracts are slotted so when he was chosen in the draft, they knew what they were going to pay him before choosing him. 
Oh I see, so he was cheaper than Cousins then? do you know how much they closed him for?
Probably around 4 years and $40M. Which seems like a lot but Cousins got nearly $25M per year!
Oh I see, hopefully the QB they picked was a great choice, you know Brady wasnt picked to play with his high school football team, he was benched all the time and the team lost almost every game.
That's odd. Maybe the coach saw his talent and the lack of talent the offensive line had and decided to spare him all the sacks. Maybe he was protecting him...
Who knows maybe he was or maybe he didnt know he had a future hall of famer in his rooster, are you watching the Super bowl this year?
I am. What about you? Will you watch it?
I will watch it for sure, with friends and family what team are you rooting for?
I am indifferent. I root for a good game and a good storyline. If it has that, I usually don't care. Although every time I say that, I find myself rooting for one team during the game. It will probably be new this year. Who are you rooting for?
I am rooting for the Patriots, I am a fan of that team its amazing how much the game has evolved, players now have chips to track their moves and the football does as well
Are you from NE? I will be using chips too. I think it will be bbq chips for the game.
Yes I am, and I have been fan since I watched Benjarvus Green Ellis play, what a great rb!
He never fumbles! I liked him. Had him in fantasy one year. I wonder where he went?
He is retired now, has been for a few years at least.
Do you think Tom Brady will retire if he wins on Sunday?
I think he will, its a strong possibility, I think he has won it all and should retire at a high peak.
Good luck Sunday. Nice chatting with you!
Thank you, I will be cheering for Brady and the Patriots for sure!
Do you think Jon Gruden and the Raiders will get better next year without Mack?
i dont know if it's really all the lack of Mack that is making them lose, Gruden is very new as a head coach of the Raiders, maybe he hasnt found hit footing yet
"Chucky" as he is affectionately known, could have done much better according to the critics
Isn't that a weird nickname? I dont think I would want to be known for my creppy smile.
He sure looked like Chucky after the loss to the Jets and during the post game interview
it was a surprising loss for sure, they were leading at the half but 3
Mack has been huge for his new team, the Bears
yea he killed it in his first game against Green Bay. The Bears are lucky to have him. theyre also a team that has a struggled a lot recently
Maybe if Carr wouldn't throw so many interceptions it would help too
yea after his 3 in the 2nd half they lost their lead and ended up getting destroyed by 20 points
Darnold hasn't turned out to be the QB that the Jets were hoping for I don't think
Some quarterbacks aren't earning their salary.  Carr got paid $125 million, and didn't play very well. 
To upset Gruden and think that he is better than he actually is
out of the 32 teams in the NFL, i think the Raiders are close to the bottom
Gruden is fed up with his team and Carr''s poor play
you would think that with just 11 minutes of actual gameplay it wouldnt be THAT hard to coach a team to victory
True. I have been rooting for Gurley and Goff all year and hope they give Gurley the MVP award
that would be possible. He probably makes a ton of money too. which is crazy because when football started, even a pro bowler made twice as much as  star football player. times have changed
I am still no fan of Ndamukong Suh
do you like Peters and Talib more?
I like Talib from back when he was with Denver.
Are you interested in the Ravens?
Not so much, I'm an Eagles fan. Are you?
I am near Foxboro s I guess I am a Patriots fan. I do not follow sports that much.
I can't believe it's almost time for the playoffs! The first Super Bowl was at the end of the 1966 season.
I remember that. I had already graduated from high school. I went through high school with no Super Bowls. Didn't miss it much!
Haha. I hear ya! Did you know An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
I don't believe that but it does seem like evry time they kick the ball, they stop for a while to see what they did. I think it is a boring game.
The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0. I find that one hard to believe, too!
Cumberland must have felt like slinking off the field. I would like to hear what the coach had to say. lol
He was probably fired right after the game. In other countries, they call soccer football. I find soccer REALLY boring. 
Ugh so do I. It's all too slow. I rather watch basketball.
There are some interesting football facts though. The circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals.
At least he didn't have to listen to all of the fans screaming.
Very true! There is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.\
It must be hard for him. The world is made for right-handed people.
Sure is. I didn't realize that bowlers made more than football players in the 60's!
Bowling used to be very popular. It's boring to watch, though, but fun to play.
I haven't bowled in a long time! I heard that New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player! 
I think that is a ridiculous rule. They have to get up and leave...what if they are eating?
Very old fashioned rule!
Some of those old rules should be changed.
I agree! Nice chatting with you!
You a football fan? Did you know the University of Iowa visiting football team locker room is painted pink? For mind games, I guess. 
Hello - yes,  I love football. That's crazy they painted the room pink. I wonder if it worked?
No idea. The highest ever score in a football game was 222-0 in 1916. Pretty brutal. 
Wow - that's a crazy high score! The 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
Haha. How times have changed. I bet bowlers don't even make 10% of what footballers make now. 
Haha yea I have no idea what bowlers make, but I bet it's not a lot. Did you know Green-Ellis never fumbled in his entire NFL career?
That's a pretty great accomplishment. ESPN won an Emmy for creating the yellow first down mark on the field when you're watching games. That was a game changer for sure. Hard to imagine watching games without it now.
That's pretty cool. Did you know there is no written rule against female players playing in the NFL?
I'd love to see a female in the league. NFL cheerleaders for the Saints aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurant as the players. I guess they don't want them fraternizing. 
Yea I think a lot of teams have rules about fraternizing with cheerleaders.
I guess they like to keep track of things. Like how they use chips in the players' shoulder pads to track every move on the field. 
That's funny they kept chips. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player and an average mlb player?
Huh, interesting. I guess because an engineer's career lasts longer. Never thought of it that way. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Thank goodness for instant replays!
Yes, thank goodness for that. Do you know much about quarterbacks?
A fair bit. Like Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL. 
Oh wow I didn't know that. Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue a career in professional gaming.
Haha. What game did he play, do you know? Alex Smith entered college as a junior because he took so many AP tests. 
I have no idea what games he played, but very funny. 
Actually, I think it was Halo 3! One of Tom Brady's HS teams didn't win a game or score a touchdown all season. He was on the bench the whole time. 
I can't believe Tom Brady was never drafted. It was a gem to find for the Patriots.
Yeah, that's an understatement. Been great talking with you!
HI how are you?
I'm great! hi how are you, too? 
I am doing well. Are you a fan of football?
i sometimes follow it. i try to watch the super bowl. You?
Yes I am a Pittsburg Steelers fan! Did you know theres no written rules about girls playing in the nfl?
Yeah, that sounds right. i dont think anyone ever expected women to try. do you think women will ever play?
I doubt it. That would be impressive though. Maybe as a kicker if anything!
a kicker, sure. maybe a punter. i figure that there is something.
True that. There is only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game on average. Crazy!
yeah, a lot of standing around and waiting. i could just watch the highlights and it would be enough.
I agree! The Saints are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as their cheerleaders. So weird.
these outdated attitudes should change. the cheerleaders are not the problem.
Totally. There is only one left handed qb in the nfl! Good for him.
i wonder how often he plays. i bet it could throw off the defenses.
I have no idea but that probably helps!
i wonder. i think that batters in baseball have trouble with certain pitchers. i figure it must have a parallel in football.
Im sure there is. Funny that Iowas visitor locker room is painted all in pink!
does that even work? if it did, every team would try the same stunt.
You would think. It sounds pretty dirty to me!
What is the home record of U of Iowa? i rest my case. Anyway, great chat!
No idea! Nice chatting with you!
Have a great day!
Also funny how bowlers in 1960 made more than top football stars! Have a good one!
Hello, do you like football? I think the QB is the most important player on the team
Yea, a good qb like Kurt Cousins gives the Redskins a better chance than starting Mark Sanchez
He did provide stability to the team, are you a fan of the Redskins?
No but I'm a Giants fans so I know a lot about their rivals. Losing Cousins to the Vikings really hurt the Redskins
I bet it did, Cousins is a good player, I bet the Vikings knew that, hopes he has a great carreer though
Yea it's too bad Smith got injured too after he ended up replacing Cousins
Smith is one of the oldest players on the team right?
I believe so. Too bad the Redskins didn't try to get Mayfield. He's the Browns 30th starting qb
I think the Patriots have the best QB on the leagye, Brady is a great leader
Yea Brady is great. so is Rivers of the Chargers
Yeah Rivers is another player that I like, what do you think about QB like Alex Smith or Mayfield?
I think Mayfield has a lot of potential and before his injury Smith was a reliable qb
I think they are both good, you know that Mayfield is also a great gamer, 
Yea, I heard he like Halo. Did you know Russell Wilson has a major league baseball contract?
I dont really know who he is so no comment there, is there an interesting fact behind that contract?
Wilson is the qb for the Seahawks, he used to play minor league baseball and signed a contract with the TX Rangers
Oh I see, interesting, did you hear about Benjarvus Green-Ellis?
I remember he use to play for the Patriots not too long ago
Yeah around 2011, cool fact about him, he never fumbled the ball in his entire NFL carreer!!!
That's impressive. Did you know that coach Matt Partricia is an actual rocket scientist?
A rocket scientist!!! wow that is impressive, he must be a really smart man. 
Are you a football fan?
I am a fan of the game do you like the NFL?
I do watch on TV when my Saints are playing.  Its not quite the same as being there, but tickets are too expensive.  I like the yellow 1st down line on TV which gives a perspective of how far it is.  Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for that creation?
So you are a fan of the Saints, cool, and no, why did ESPN won an Emmy for?
ESPN won an Emmy for the yellow line overlayed on the field so when watching on TV, the viewer knows how far it is to first down.  It gives a bit of perspective on what is going through the quarterback's mind.  Do you have a favorite quarterback?
I guess the yellow first down line is a big contribution to the game and yeah mine is Tom Brady I also like Alex Smith, do you have a favorite one?
Brees, obviously.  Historically, I liked Archie Manning, but he did not have the level of success on the field that his sons had.  What I did not know is that at one time, the NFL had a deaf QB, Paul D. Hubbard.  He created the circular huddle so the opposing team could not read his hand signals!
Those sounds like great QBs im not familiarized with them, Baker Mayfield is another great QB and sounds like Hubbard created a legacy. 
I would say so considering they still use the circular huddle.  I was surprised and pleased when I learned that we had a female NFL referee officiating the playoff games.  Do you ever think we will have female NFL players?
I don't think so, maybe a whole other division but not in the same league as men's, I think that would be really unfair and actually scary to watch
Probably so, but perhaps a woman will try out since the league rules allow it should she meet the eligibility requirements.  Perhaps as a kicker since it is a lower contact position.  What are your thoughs on tech in football like the tracking chips the NFL use on shoulder pads and in the ball?
I think that tech is taking over the game and that is great, all kinds of cool stats can be known thanks to that so I think its great, stats such as the moves of players, speed of the ball and many more. 
I also think is could be a good training aid, especially for the QB.  It could let the QB know the speed and rotation of the throw; after all the best throw is a fast tight spiral.  Do you follow collegiate football?
I do follow it, some of the time at least but mostly NFL, kind of makes me angry that games only have 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
I am having trouble figuring out where the rest of the time goes.  After all, they only 20 seconds to huddle, line up, and snap the ball.  I guess if the play lasts less than 20 seconds and results in a dead ball then that could be part of the reason why!
Yeah I guess so still seems like little time, games tend to last a long time and only 11 minutes is unfair to fans. 
True.  I prefer to watch it live and am a season ticket holder for my alma mater, the LSU Tigers.  Did you know that the highest scoring football game was in collegiate with Georgia Tech beating Cumberland 222-0 in 1916?
222-0 !!! is that real? woah, how can a team lose by that many points were they even playing the same sport lol. 
What I also find interesting is some of the quirky off-field rules.  Like the one forbidding Saints cheerleaders from eating in the same restaurant as NFL players.  Its unfair that they must leave even if they were there first and already eating!
That is really unfair, the NFL should ban that rule and the Saints should change it not only sexist but also humiliating rule, makes me feel angry and disgusted.
It seems so immature!  Like the University of Iowa painting the visiting football team's locker room all pink!  Is that suppose to humiliate or intimidate the opposing team?
That is so funny, can you imagine being the opposite team and then arriving at an all pink locker room, the look in their faces just priceless anyway its been cool chatting with you today.
Thanks and same to you!  And keep your day job.  After all, an engineer (or likely almost any technical professional) earns more in their lifetime career than the average NFL player!
Hello there, are you excited for the upcoming Super Bowl?
Of course I am, counting the hours till sunday what team are you cheering for?
I think I will be cheering on the Rams, but mostly for the score depending on what numbers I get in any kind of pool I'm in.  How about yourself? 
I  am rooting for the Patriots, are the Rams your favorite team in the leage?
No I am a Packers fan, I just think the Rams had a good season and deserve it, plus the Pats have won it enough recently!  How about you?
Yeah could be, my favorite team is are The Patriots but I wouldnt mind if they lose, I just want to watch a great game!
Yeah I'm the same way, I like when the game is a game still late in the 4th quarter and it takes some awesome plays to win it. 
I agree, so did you know about the tracking chips the players have?
No I don't know too much about that.  I imagine they have them in their helmets to track hits for concussion studies?
I think they track the moves to have a better idea of the plays, location, distance runned amont others, the football also has a chip.
Yeah I think you are right, pretty sure they have them in shoulder pads as well. 
You know engineers end up winning more money than football players and without all that brain damage.
Yeah I think I have read that they earn more in a lifetime overall, probably because they work their whole career vs. average football players maybe 8 years. 
When you put it that way a football player does earn more, in the 60s they didnt as bowlers made more money that football players.
Yeah isn't that crazy to think the top bowlers were the big ballers back in the 60's.  Oh man what a life to be a pro bowler in the 60's lol. 
I wonder how much they actually earned lol, did you hear about the emmy ESPN won?
I think I remember them winning one after they came out with the yellow line for the first down line on tv games right?
Yeah that is right, I guess it is pretty usefull and deserves an award, it did change things
Yeah it definitely is very useful to everyone watching on tv. Do you know what the highest scoring game ever was, college or pro?
I dont know about pro, in college it was 220-0, thats a humiliating loss.
Yeah you are right!  Isn't that just an insane score, you would have to score on basically every play.  Well nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day. 
Hey! It's quite interesting, but NFL has no written rules against female players. It's just difficult to believe.
Isn't it! They would have to be some tough females!
True. It says they have to meet the eligibility requirements, but I'm wondering what kind of requirements they may have.
Alex smith took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years, and began working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft. It would be interesting to see!
It's amazing. I'm sure it's difficult to combine all together, but he is very talented
this is really interesting too! Baker mayfield (quarterback, university of oklahoma) once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming, and claims to be able to beat anyone at the university of oklahoma one-on-one in halo 3.
I didn't know that. I guess not so many people know it.
I bet he would not have made the money he is now! I didn't know the NFL was 32 teams.
Quite surprise for me that the average lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earning of NFL player. I was sure they make a lot
Thats all you hear! How much they make. An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
It shocked me. I cannot believe. Just 11 minutes?????
Yes! and the average game lasts 2.5 to 3 hours!
Honestly, I'll take a look in the Internet. It's just difficult to believe.
let me know what you find! Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Good point. NFL has a lot of data.
definition of football. Football is a family of team sports that involve, to varying degrees, kicking a ball to score a goal.
It's very broad definition. Soccer reflect it for sure. 
yeah, I had never heard of association football.
Do you watch or play sport often?
no, not at all. You?The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0
It was long time ago. I'm not sure it would be possible in 2019 
Especially with only 11 minutes of actual play time!
Absolutely! 
Back then they even made more money in football. In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. 
I didn't know it! Well, it was my pleasure to talk with you. Have a good day!
u2! Nice talking with you!
Thanks.
good morning to you
Hello there, do you follow the NFL at all?
i sure do, I watch the game every sunday when its on, do you?
Yeah I usually follow during the season, my team didn't make the playoffs this year so that was disappointing. 
who is your team?
I like the Packers, do you follow a team?
yea im a Patriots fan. sorry haha
Lol, well you have had one hell of a run the last 20 years or so!  
ohj yea, weve been lucky with Tom Brady
Yeah you sure have, the coach as well, Bellicheck will go down as the best ever in my opinion. 
he is pretty good! But Robert Kraft? uh oh haha hes gotten into some trouble
Yeah that wasn't what I would of done with that much money, just fly to Vegas for the day!
or have an escort come to your house! cmon man
Exactly, now he will be forever associated with this incident!
ah well, it does make for kind of a funny story. Did you know Tom Brady actually played backup QB in high school for Junipero Serra High School and was never started?
Holy crap, I never knew that.  I wonder what scout for college was like, hey whos that guy on the bench?
haha right? and what would have made him to scout Brady for the colllege team? stories like that are ironic 
Yeah those stories are!  Funny how some of the best ever start out. 
I wonder when we will start to see female NFL players, theres no written rule against having them on the teams
I think that would be so cool if one did, it would give young girls in all sports hope to make it pro. 
it would. I wonder why none have hopped onto the trend yet
HI, how are you doing today? It is certainly a fine day for a chat with new friends.
Hi! Hope you're doing well! So are you a fan of the QB position? I am simply because he touches the ball nearly every play on offense plus calls the plays in the huddle!
The QB is the man. He runs the show, and makes things go, don't you know!
So true! Isn't crazy there's only one left handed quarterback in the NFL and that's Kellan Moore?
I guess there must be an issue with lefties. Perhaps the offense must be run differently? I don't know. INteresting though.
Agreed. Can you also believe the circular huddle American football uses today was invented by a deaf QB so opposing teams couldn't read his hand signals? That was very smart of him!
That was certainly very smart of him! Now everyone copies that deaf QB. A trendsetter indeed.
Very true! Then you've got geniuses like Alex Smith who entered college as a junior and earned his bachelor's in two years. That's someone I'd want on my team! Ha!
He must have studied very hard and done well in his coursework. He probably had the right mind for a QB.
Indeed! But then you have QBs like Baker Mayfield who considered quitting football for competitive gaming. That would have been a huge mistake, in my opinion!
I agree. The money, the glory. Football much better! Much!
So true! I tell you, I couldn't believe Tom Brady's JV high team refused to start him despite never winning a game or even scoring a touchdown. That is sad and I bet they regret that since he's now a four time Superbowl champ!
He's got five now, right? Even more regret for them! LOL
No kidding! He's a great player. I truly love the NFL but it surprised me that the average game is only 11 minutes long in terms of live gameplay. That's almost unbelievable!
I think it's still a tough game. Lots of injuries. Short careers.
Agreed. I believe the short careers is why engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, sadly.
Don't let your sons and daughters grow up to be NFL players! It ain't worth it!
No kidding. Speaking of income, did you know the top bowlers made more than top football players back in the 1960s? That is crazy!
I think it was a golden age of bowling. The polyester pants made the bowler physique quite charming.
That is true! But with players like Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career, I'd imagine he deserves more than the top bowlers these days. Ha!
Yes, he does. Anyway, great chat! Have a good day!
And of course, I'm surprised the league has no female players since there's no rules forbidding them from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements!  Well it was great chatting with you as well! Take care, friend!
Hey there, do you have a favorite quarterback or anything like that? I like to watch Tom Brady a lot
Yeah, he's pretty cool. He's a favorite in his hometown of San Mateo, CA. I can't believe he was passed up on when he was on the JV team of his high school. Their loss!
Yeah that definitely was a stupid move on their part. Alex Smith though maybe he missed his calling. He was a genius and got his bachelor's degree in only two years. And he was working on his master's but then was drafted into the NFL. He might have been able to do a whole lot more without doing the football thing
wow! I know, right?! I wish I went off to college my junior year in high school but at the rate he was going with his AP tests, its not surprise he would skip 12 grade in high school. The fact that he could balance all of that and football is pretty amazing. He's an athletic genius :) 
I agree with you! What do you think about Kellen Moore as well? He's the only left-handed quarterback in the league I wonder if that gives him an advantage or not?
That says a lot, I know that lefty's are highly regarded in general. I think it could give him an advantage since most players may be right handed so he's able to really dodge the other players when passing the ball. I bet he didn't fumble the ball as much either.
Yep that's a good point. We have to do some research on that. Also, I wonder if the deaf quarterback did research when he invented the circular huddle. It's such a genius thing, that I can't believe it was invented earlier
That was a pretty clever move on their part because you know the opposing team is always looking for ways to figure out their opponents next move. I wonder if they have any deaf quarterbacks now? They would probably do better than the players that can hear because sometimes those guys don'
That's a good question. I don't think that they have them in the professional weeks anyway. Did you hear about how the University of Iowa painted the opposing team's locker-room pink? That would actually make me play better I think
Wow, totally emasculating to say the least lol but you're right, it would make me want to work harder at winning so that my team gets the last laugh :) Do you think the locker room is still pink or was that back in the day? I would think they would not have it that way now because everyone is so worried about being politically correct these days.
Haha you're right about that. I guarantee someone would complain about it. Do you know the highest football score of all time by the way? It was 222 to 0, talk about a blowout LOL
Yeah, I would say that team got beat down lol Kinda embarrassing for the losing team. Maybe that team was in the wrong division to start with. I haven't seen anything that high of score ever. I guess that was more like a practice game for Georgia Tech. I wonder how the Cumberland team is doing now? I'm sure their coach reminds them to not ever allow that again lol  
That's a good question. Because I don't really watch college sports I don't know, hopefully they're doing better though LOL I don't think they have a guy like BenJarvus Green-Ellis though he's never fumbled the ball they would have done a lot better if they had him
Oh yeah, Benjarvus Green-Ellis was the man! At least he can always brag about not ever fumbling the ball to the grand kids. I'm sure not every football player can say the same. Where is Green-Ellis now? Did he make hall of fame? I hope so!
I hope so too! I don't know that he plays anymore, but I don't really keep up with football that much now. I also think it's crazy how they use tracking chips on the players. Technologies becoming so Advanced now
Yes, technology has taken over so much. Pretty soon they'll embed a chip in the players body which they should because some of those guys are trouble makers lol I don't follow football much but they seem to make headlines lol I also noticed how much the nfl has advanced in other technological ways with all the angles they are able to get on camera during the games and the wireless microphones that the team coaches and assistants get to wear to track their team more as well. 
Yep I could see that. It's kind of scary and hopefully  they can take those chips and cameras off once they leave the field. I hope that civilians never have to wear those, because you can track everything from location to speed to Velocity and rotation, it's a changing world that's for sure
Its a little creepy if you think about it. But I totally agree, I hope they're able to have a little privacy once they are off the field. I noticed that women are able to play in the NFL if they pass the requirements needed to play. I don't know if I would want to play among all those sweaty big guys lol But I think its pretty cool for a women to play. I think there is one female in the NFL that I know of? Not sure though. 
No there is not a female player in the NFL yet. But there is no rule against it. I would be very interested to see one start playing though. There is no rule so it's possible, but they would have to be really good, that's for sure, and also know how to take a hit potentially
Exactly! I wonder how the male players would feel about tackling down a female the way they do their fellow male team mates. But I'm sure it wouldn't be so bad given that the game only has 11 minutes of live game-play. 
Yep that's true. And also, would they all use the same locker room, or if there was only one girl on the team would she get her own locker room, who knows? I just don't know how it would work but I'm sure we could figure out a way so that everyone would be happy
The NFL is one of the major sports league in North America.
Do you watch the NFL?
Yes. It my favourite sports, The NFL regular season starts from September to December. Which is your favourite team ?
My favorite team is the Baltimore Ravens. What about yours?
Super Bowl is my favourite. NFL earn high revenue higher than other players.
I would bet the quarterbacks are the highest paid team members. They tend to be the most famous players.
Quarterbacks are members of the offensive team and line up directly behind the offensive team.
Even though they line up behind the offensive line, they are considered the team leader.
NFL uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pad to record their movement in the field. This type technology improvement make the game very effective.
I think it would be interesting to see a diagram of the recorded movement. NFL players move around a lot in a game, even with just 11 minutes of live gameplay on average.
They are using circular huddle pad to avoid other team players watch the sign in the field. This type of tactics are very important and make the game very interesting.
Football requires a lot of strategic skill and tactics to play successful plays, since neither team knows what the other will do.
In October 1916, the game held between Georgia tech and Cumberland, it is the highest score game in football when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0.
You almost have to wonder if Cumberland's team was sleeping on the field! It's rare for a team to score 0 points. Even if they just played defensively, you'd think they would have stopped the opposing team from scoring so much.
Yeah. It is very true. I couldn't imagine how it happens, the poor performance by Cumberland. It was a black day for Cumberland.
They could use a player like the Patriots' running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis. He's never made a fumble in his entire time in the NFL!
Yes. The NFL has no written rule against female players.
I wonder what the physical requirements are for a woman to be able to play. I would personally be scared to go on the field with all those powerful guys around me!
They are making fit for the game, it is very necessary to maintain good health condition for playing.
I can believe that. They train to be so fast and strong. Some of them are very smart too, like Alex Smith. He took advanced placements tests in high school and did so well he entered college as a third-year student!
All the players are trained to achieve the excellence so they are working hard. They are very highly paid athlete compared to other player.
It makes me feel like I ought to go do some exercise myself, even if I'm no football player! It was great talking to you.
Good day there.You a football fan? I am mad the NFL season is over. The Superbowl was kind of dissapointing but I enjoyed the 16 regular season games.
Hello there, I am and I agree!  It wasn't as fun as other years, my team didn't even make the playoffs so that was sad. 
Oh bummer! Yeah just have to wait until next year. Maybe it will be more exciting. The NFL tracks movements of players and the ball using a chip!
Yep, always next season.  And yeah, I think that is good, I hope it helps with player safety. 
Yeah me too. So many injuries. Football wasn't always popular though. Back in the 60's bowlers made more! Twice as much in fact.
Yeah there really are a lot.  And wow!  I guess it shows just how popular the NFL has become since then. 
Exactly. There are also various other forms of football like rugby and Australian Rules. 
There was a big Australian rules tournament held in my town last summer!  
Oh that's awesome! Do they have a quarterback> It's one of my favorite positions because they touch the ball almost every play.
I don't they did, and yeah they are the most important player on the field even during a team game. 
Yeah. Tom Brady is one of the best. Did you know he didn't even start when he played junior varsity in high school?
Yeah he sure is, and I think I read that, wonder how he got scouted in the first place?
Yeah good question. The QB Alex Smith is a smart guy too. He took so many AP classes that he got his degree in 2 years!
Holy cow, that is impressive, it sounds like he could have gone into any field he wanted. 
Yeah agreed. Funny you say that because Baker Mayfield's field of choice was almost competitive gaming!
That is hilarious!  I think I read about that a while back, do you know his game was?
Yeah  believe it was Halo 3! Wonder if he still plays video games?
That was it!  Good call, and I'm sure he does, but probably Fortnight or something now. 
Yeah Fortnight is crazy popular. I wonder how much they make in comparison to the NFL? Despite what everyone thinks engineers actually make more money in their life than NFL players.
Isn't that interesting, but I think it is because they have a very long career as opposed to sports players. 
Yeah those NFL players get hammered with injuries. Very tough on the body. But some players can take the hits like Green-Ellis who never fumbled the ball once!
Do you watch football? There's no written rule that women can't play in the NFL. I'd love to see that!
i do watch it! whos your favorite team? and me too! I wonder if any have ever tried out yet
My favorite team is the Colts. Who's your favorite? The average NFL game only has about 11 minutes of actual gameplay. Thank goodness for instant replay!
I root for the Patriots. 11 minutes is so short! the game stops so often
This is interesting -- an engineer over the course of his/her career will earn more than an NFL player. Crazy. 
well if you think about it, an engineer may have like, 45 working years. an average NFL career might only be 10 years at the most, and this average factors in the regular players. not everyone is a superstar making millions
True. Speaking of the Patriots, former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never had a fumble in his career. Wonder how many times he had the ball?
haha i hope more than 1 or else that stat isnt as impressive. I feel like he was a common target back in his day
The highest ever football score was 222-0 in 1916. The other team couldn't even get on the board. 
I wonder at what point they just gave up and tried to rack up the score? i feel like they couldnt have been THAT dominated
Haha. In the 60's the top bowlers made more than the football stars. Oh, how times have changed. 
right? I wonder why! nowadays I bet most people cant name even one pro bowler
I know I can't. I don't even know if they show bowling on TV anymore, like they used to when I was younger. 
i definitely cant name any, and I also have never even seen bowling on TV. i imagine it would be pretty boring to watch
Oddly, I used to watch it a lot in the 80's. But we only had 3 4 channels and it was the only thing on. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the First Yard Line  yellow line on TV? What a great innovation. 
that yellow line saved football on TV i say. it is an absolute staple and probably one of the most important inventions for TV football
Totally agree. I remember when they tried to apply to the same sort of thing to the hockey puck. Wasn't as popular. 
which i think it would be way more useful in hockey! i can never follow that puck
Me neither. I think it was a good idea. But the hardcore fans hated it so they dumped it. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QB in the league? Wonder if that gives him any kind of advantage.
i feel like it would help him sometimes because so many linemen might be trained to aim for the QBs right side
Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. Any advantage is a good advantage. QB Alex Smith took so many AP tests in HS that he started college as a junior. Smart kid. 
thats an insane amount of AP tests, I cant imagine how he could have managed all of that in high school, i could barely manage 1
Haha. Same here. He was working on his Master's degree before he was drafted first overall in the 2005 draft. 
he had a good fallback plan at least! did you know the modern huddle was created by a deaf QB back in the day because he had to use hand signals? he didn't want the other team to see what he was signing
That's awesome!
high how are you
Good.  Is Tom Brady still with the Patriots?
Yes he is for now.
When is the next NFL championship game?
I think next month. 
Do you have any guess which team is going to win?
no I have no clue. You?
the Patriots?
Maybe I would like them to but who knows.
I'm not that familiar with NFL teams. I know it consists of 32 teams.
Yes. The NFL's 17-week regular season runs from early September to late December, with each team playing 16 games and having one bye week.
Are you going to watch the next Super Bowl?  It's usually held first Sunday of February.
Yes I will be watching with my family. 
Do you usually watch the games at home?  My friend celebrate the super bowl like it is christmas.
yes i watch at home
Do you know that the american flags you see at stadiums weigh 1100 pounds?
I had no clue hard to believe
They cost approximately $50,000 to make them.
wow thats a lot of money
NFL owners can afford it.
Oh Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
I did not know that. Did they collaborate with the NFL?
Yes they did
I have to run.  It was nice chatting with you.
hi how are you? are you a football person?
Love the sport, Baker Mayfiled is one of my favorite players, what about yourself?
I dont know baker. who is he?
He is a famous QB, he had a strong debut on the Browns
Oh, did the browns do well this season? is he one of the best in the league?
I don't think his the best, Brady is the best QB in the league but Mayfield has strong skills
Brady plays for the patriots, yes? he is one of the best. six rings at this point?
I think he does yeah, he is a legend and the most important player in the team, well Quarterbacks are usually the most important players in the field
yeah, they touch the ball on every play, so i guess they have to be talented. who are the other good qbs?
Kellan Moore is another great one, he used to be the only left handed QB on the NFL
Why the only one? is there a problem with lefties?
I have no idea I think there are a couple more now another good QB is Brad Johnson, he holds an interesting stat 
Brad Johnson? dont know him. he is not a lefty is he?
No, he is the only QB in NFL history to throw a TD pass to himself. 
how did he do that? by accident? i want to see the film of that.
Yeah I think that the ball got tipped on a defensive player and then he caught it. 
That is great! one for the record books. what do you think of U of Iowas little stunt?
I think that stunt was really funny, the magic of football not only strange anecdotes but funny ones as well
I wonder if it works at all. does u of iowa win at home? Anyway, great chat
Thats a topic for a Google search as a matter of fact Im going to look over that right now, its been great chatting with you as well, bye
Have a great evening! thanks for the chat.
A lot of cool facts, I feel lot wiser, thanks a lot, bye. 
hi how are you? do you like the football?
Hello, I'm a life long football fan.
i do not really know the game well. i sometimes watch. usually the playoffs.
At least you watch the important games. The rest is just positioning for playoffs. 
i guess. who is your favorite team?
I like the Cincinnati Bengals. How about you?
i like the underdog in the super bowl. i think that it is fun when they beat the favored team.
Haha, yes it's very easy to root for an underdog.  Speaking of underdogs, I was shocked to read there is only 1 left handed QB in all of the NFL.
why is that? is there something unusual about lefties? Are they a problem?
Kellen Moore is the only lefty. It's subtle differences, the ball spins different and the QB's blindside is opposite. 
so the rest of the team has to play differently? ok. that would make sense. then the coach has to make different plays?
They don't play different exactly. You just have your best lineman blocking the blindside as that's where the defenses best player usually lines up to attack the QB from out of vision line. That blocker never learns to play right side. Plus just fewer people are lefties I assume lol. 
ok. that makes sense. What do you think of the University of Iowa and their little painting scheme?
It looks nice on TV. 
I suppose it is a pleasing color for the TV audience. i hadnt though of that. 
I assume the intent was to belittle opponents like they are little girls but it looks cool when they show locker room shots I think.
i dont mind pink it gets me excited to play. i want to play harder when i surrounded by pink.
I love when the NFL players wear pink shoes and gloves during breast cancer awarenss month. It just pops and very slick looking. What do you think about that/
I think that it would be a little too much for me in my pink locker room. there is such a thing as too much.
HAHA very true, they knew what they were doing when they painted the visiting locker room pink. 
They were not interior decorators. they should have consulted experts. anyway, thanks for the chat!
Very true indeed! Have a great day stranger!
Thanks. You too, total stranger!
Bye!
Hello, do you know much about quarterbacks?
I know a little trivia about that particular football position. Are we referring to American football or Canadian style?
American football. Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he was a junior when he went to college.
Smart dude!  He even started working on his master's before he became the overall 1st pick in the draft.
Very smart guy. The circular huddle was created by a QB who was deaf.
Yeah. Wasn't his name Hubbard? 
Yep I believe so. 
Deaf QBs are rare in the NFL--almost as rare as left-handed QBs. I think there is only one in the league right now...
Yes they are. I can't think of many left handers over the years. Only other one that comes to mind is Vick.
I think the current one is named Kellan Moore. Some of the greats were left-handed, such a John Elway and Jim Kelley. 
Oh yea I forgot about Elway. Baker Mayfield once thought about quitting football to pursue a career in professional gaming.
Mayfield... Wasn't he QB at the Univ of Oklahoma?
I can't recall where he played in college, but that sounds right. He plays for the Browns now.
That is a team that has had a rough go at the position of QB!  Their franchise would be alot different today if they had a QB like Superbowl champion Tom Brady. 
Yea they have had terrible luck with QBs. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against women playing?
Are you suggesting that Cleveland should consider putting a woman in at QB? It couldn't hurt any!
HAHA I would like to see that actually. 
The Saints don't allow their Cheerleaders to dine with players, so securing a QB spot would open up a world of dining that most find an incentive!
I think a lot of teams have rules around players interacting with cheerleaders. 
Well, with the average gameplay time of 11 minutes, what does it really matter?
Good talking to you!
Hi. Are you into the Los Angeles Chargers? 
I am not really into football in general. How about you?
No. But the Los Angeles Chargers seem to have good track record. The are the 11th best in defense in the NFL this year. 
They also have the best net passer rating for 2018 along with the Chiefs.
Huh, I did not know that. And apparently they also score 2.6 points per drive.
Net passer rating is a relibale litmus test for Super Bowl caliber teams so they are Super Bowl contenders.
Yes, I think that they are. They are tied with the Chiefs in 2018.
They also have the seventh best offensive line in the NFL right now
Wow. I did not know that. Football is also called soccer in some countries. 
We really love our football in the US. 14 of the world's 25 biggest stadiums belong to American college football teams.
Yes! And did you know that the highest score ever in a football game occured in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland with a score of 222-0?!
I wonder what happened to make the score so bad!
I have no idea. I wish I knew how the score could get so high. They must have changed the rules since then. I have never heard of Gaelic football, have you?
No, I have not heard of Gaelic football though I have heard of Australian football. I think it's the same as American football but the ball is larger.
And then there is Rugby football. They have a rugby league or rugby union. So many different versions of football. It makes my head spin.
Football certainly has come a long way. It's crazy the technology that is used in American football these days.
I think it is awesome that former Patriots runningback Green-Ellis never fumbled the football at all during his whole career.
That is amazing. Some football players are just so talented. Brad Johnson, a Superbowl winning quarterback has thrown a touchdown pass to himself.
Wow. Has it that possible? And the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
I am not sure how it's possible. And yeah, there isn't a lot of gameplay which is probably why I am not into football.
Yeah, me too. Some of the rules seem crazy to me. Hey, it has been great. Thanks.
I still have so much to learn about the NFL.
Do you follow football? College or NFL?
I follow both actually, I love the Eagles and Ducks!
The Ducks are Oregon? I've heard that Iowa painted the locker room for visitors pink.
Yes! I have heard that too! I also heard 14 of the 25 biggest stadiums in the world are for college football!
There's some serious money in college ball. I wonder whether there will ever be a women's version of the game.
I doubt it would ever catch on to be honest. Even mens high school stadiums can cost up to 60 million to build!
That's true. There has to be money available to build the stadium. Maybe they would include women on the men's teams, make it co-ed.
that is a good point, but who knows if there is a market. Snoop Dogg wrote the fight song for his son's high school football team
Snoop is a man with many talents. I think it's funny that an NFL has only 11 minutes of live gameplay. Lots of time for commercials.
It sure does since the games are 3 hours long! 
It's interesting that engineers make more during their careers that pro athletes. I guess longevity pays well.
that really is interesting, they put their body on the line for that too, just to get paid so little
That's the issue with including women in the game. Women would get badly hurt by men. Would viewers accept that?
I do not think so
I wonder whether they would let men become cheerleaders. I know college has male cheerleaders.
I think they should! I know saints cheerleaders cannot eat where the players do, which is odd!
I guess it's to discourage romantic relationships.
I suppose so, that is still odd to me though. Like, they can talk to who they want!
Maybe they had problems in the past. 
I think so, that is all I can think of! 
I think it's odd that ESPN won an Emmy for the yellow line showing the first down. It's a good addition to the show, but an Emmy?
I think that may be overkill, but it certainly is an advancement
Hi, how are you?
I am well, how are you?
I am doing very well, are you into football at all?
I am into football. I can't wiat for today's games. I am from Chicago so I am a huge bears fan.
I am an Eagles fan myself, sorry about Parkey. Apparently most NFL games have about 11 minutes of gametime!
I know. Good luck today! Saints will be a tough one... Baker mayfield (quarterback, university of oklahoma) once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming, and claims to be able to beat anyone at the university of oklahoma one-on-one in halo 3.
I believe that, he is good at pretty much anything he does, QBs are special, I know Alex Smith is very smart!
I had no idea Alex Smith took that many AP classes. Kind of mind boggling...
It really is, doing that as anyone is special, but as an athlete, even crazier!
Yeah! The circular huddle used in todays american football was created by paul d. hubbard, a deaf quarterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals. I had no clue!
I wonder how good he was as a deaf quarterback, it might help in opposing stadiums!
Yeah. Never thought of that before. I believe it would be a benefit... Not sure how the speaker would work though...
that is true, and a lot of people would need sign language. but accommodation is always healthy I think, I am glad he had an impact on the game
If the speaker stops with 15 seconds on the play clock, sign language could extend that time. I think you found a loophole!
I did not think of that, they definitely use hand signals normally, but maybe that is easier to intercept
Is kellan moore still in the NFL? Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
I think he is, maybe on the Panthers? I know Michael Vick and maybe Steve Young were left handed
Yeah. Tua (Alabama QB is too). The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
I wonder if maybe they could be a kicker or a punter?
Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
I have never seen those stats presented during games, that would be very interesting to me!
Are you a football fan? I think it's one of the best sports to watch.
Hey! I watch sometimes, but not really often. I was surprised that an average NFL game is about 11 minites of live gameplay. It's not a lot
Yes when you break down the actual game action it is surprising. They have to make room for all those commercials!
True. What's your favorite team? 
I'm a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, it's been a fun few years for us recently.
Good to know. I was wondering maybe you are fan of University of Iowa and can explain why locker room for visiting team is pink lol because I have no idea lol
I guess they think it would be throw the other team off their game somehow. I don't think the color would bother me if I was a player.
Me too actually. I don't think it's big. Noise could be a problem. But color is just color. 
Maybe the Georgia Tech visiting team locker room was painted pink because they beat a team 222-0.
Honestly, I cannot imagine this score. 222-0 is really a lot. It was over century ago, but still...
If that happened today I think it would be on Sportscenter for months. 
Absolutely. I didn't know that there isn't written rule against female players. I know there some requirements, but I'm wondering what kind of requirements it could be. Any idea?
The only requirements that I can think of are the regulations for how long out of college they have to be to play in the NFL. I believe they cannot declare for the draft until Junior year or a certain age.
Ok, but why does it make problem for potential female players?
I do not know the reasoning behind female players. My best guess would be that since they are generally smaller in stature they don't want females to be injured when getting tackled. Some football players can weigh over 300 pounds.
True. Well, anyway I understand reason of tradition. This is male sport, but wondering about it since I've read about possibility of female players. I've also read that average lifetime earnings of an enginner is higher than the average lifetime earnings of NFL player. It's surprise for me. I was sure they make a lot...
The very best players do make a lot but there a lot of players who do not have long careers. I believe that probably drives the average down a lot.
Right. Average is just average. You are right. Every time I read about some sort of strange facts or traditions. Pink room is one. There is another. New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same place as any NFL player. It sounds stupid
The NFL teams usually have a fraternization clause for their cheerleaders and players. I'm sure it's to protect their organization from any messy fall out from relationships.
Don't you think it looks like old school? Too much old
It does but also at the same time organizations always want to protect themselves from any potential legal issues. 
Do you watch the NFL?
Yes I watch the NFL from time to time. There's no rule against female players apparently, would you watch the NFL with females playing?
I am not sure, they may get hurt right away, what do you think?
I think you could have a female kicker, but I don't know that you could have female linebackers or something like that, but who knows maybe it will happen
There may be a female kicker I just read about that may be the first one. Do you watch college football?
I have watched it from time to time. I remember hearing about the University of Iowa's locker room. They painted the opposing team's locker-room pink LOL
For sure, I like that stadium. The coach was into psychology and read about the pink color. Very interesting read
Yes I agree. Also interesting that Bowlers in the 60s made twice as much as football stars back then, talk about a reversal
for sure, a huge reversal! I would pursue NFL over bowling now 
Yep absolutely! I also would pursue being on Georgia Tech's team versus Cumberlands, especially after seeing that Georgia Tech beat them 222 to 0 LOL
I feel bad for the other team, I would have quit after 100-0 lol!
Haha I agree with you! Riverwatch football on TV though? Apparently ESPN won an Emmy for creating the first down yellow line on TV
I love that yellow thing on the field. I used to think it was a real thing as a kid while watching tv and never understood how they did it lol
Haha that's funny! It's definitely useful. did you hear about how the circular huddle got started by the way?
I think from a deaf quarterback, is that right?
yup, he would use the huddle to cover up his hand signals, that way the other team couldn't see what he was doing
That is smart, you could easily pick those signals up if there were no huddle. Was it Paul Hubbard?
I'm not sure actually. But that sounds like it could be him. do you follow Alex Smith by the way? You think he's any good
he was good, then he got hurt really bad, poor guy. What do you think?
Yeah I felt bad he got hurt, but he was so smart, he almost got his master's degree back when he was in college and he passed out of a lot of college classes from when he was in high school
He was definitely a smart guy who became the #1 pick. Good chatting with you!
Who is your favorite quarterback? It is an offensive position in American football.
I don't really have one. Although I think it's cool Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB!
He is one of my favorites of the 32 teams in the NFL.
Yes he is. Russel Wilson is great too and he is still under an MLB contract.
Russell is talented. I hope he makes it to the super bowl which is always the first Sunday of February.
Yes me too. He has been there before. In his MLB contract he was traded to the NY Yankees in 2018.
I wonder how a woman would size up against him in the NFL. Women can play as long as they meet eligibility requirements. 
I think she would get killed honestly. High school football is really big in Texas. One high school even has a football stadium that seats 18,000 people.
Texans get really involved in football. Crazy to think it's just a matter of kicking a ball to score a goal.
Ha ha Are you thinking of soccer? There is kicking involved in football but it's not that primary way to score a touchdown.
Foot ball goes by many names such as soccer, gridiron football, gaelic football, and rugby football.
Yes many sports are referred to as football. But Gridiron football is the biggest variation in America. 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams.
Bowlers used to make twice as much as footballers. Somehow they lost the edge!
Wow. That is very surprising. There has also only been one quarterback to throw a touchdown pass to himself and that is Brad Johnson.
That's a cool thing to be known for! I wonder how much of the 11 minutes of game play it took for him to do that!
Indeed. Yes probably just a few seconds lol. Doug Williams and Russell Wilson are the only 2 African American quarterbacks to win a super bowl! My boy Vick didn't get his chance!
He should have stayed away from the dogs. That still makes me sad that he was hurting innocent animals.
Terrible really. Now that's how he is remembered. Speaking of dogs, Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his sons high school football team!
His song is actually very talented. He could probably beat the crushing record of 222-0 between georgia tech and cumberland in 1916.
Yes he would definitely give the players encouragement. Those big flags in the stadium cost $50,000 to make! Well it was nice talking with you!
Nice meeting you!
HI there - are you interested in football?
I like the Ravens quite a bit, our defense has been the second best in the NFL this year in points allowed per drive.
I heard it was only 1.6 points per drive, which forces the other team to a three and out quite a bit!
Definitely.  Matt Judon is a big reason for that - he has been having a great year at outside linebacker.
Definitely - 3 sacks and 5 tackles is nothing to shake your head at!
The Texans have a great pass rush as well - JJ Watt and Jadeveon Clouwney are a tough pair,
I've been following Baker Mayfield as well this year, since it is his rookie season - he's been doing well with a 71% completion rate!
Yes he may have trouble with sacks when they play Houston - the Houston secondary is 11th best.
Yes, for sure. But even if he has to sit in the pocket, that won't hurt Houston - he isn't as good when he waits to throw the ball.
Yes the Jaguars defense is nothing to be afraid of anymore.  They are given up almost 4 more points per game than expected.
I think it is interesting how they're able to track all of this data. Did you know there are tracking chips in the shoulder pads of the players to gather that type of data?
Yes and in the football too!  Probably makes it easier to monitor the game.
Well when you can track velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location - it definitely helps to monitor all that information!
Yes - with only 11 minutes of gameplay per game it gives the announcers stuff to talk about.
Which is pretty crazy - kind of like how there's actually no rule against a female playing the NFL too. I wonder how long it will be before a girl gets signed!
I think a girl could be a kicker - though maybe not for the Saints - they wont even let their cheerleaders eat at the same restaurants as the players!
And if a cheerleader is somewhere, and player comes in later, the cheerleader has to leave! That seems unfair if they were there first.
Absolutely!   I would rather be an engineer than play football anyway  - you make more money
I know - more than an NFL OR MLB player! That's crazy!
I think it is because their careers are longer - less injuries!
So true! The lifespan of an NFL career isn't terribly long.
Yes unless you are Tom Brady - leading his team at quarterback he has way outlasted most players.
Very true - and he wasn't even allowed to start in high school when his team couldn't even score a touchdown!
His high school coach must regret that!  Of course some players do both - Alex Smith was working on his master's degree when he got drafted.
That's so awesome when NFL players value their education. I mean, Alex came in as a junior because he took so many AP tests!
Absolutely.  I do like that all types can play football - the huddle was created for a deaf quarterback
Hello.  Are you familiar with the NFL?  It has 32 professional football teams.
Yes, my local team is the Saints.  I do not follow regularly, but I am always intrigued by how tech has infiltrated the game.  Do you know the NFL has tracking chips in the shoulder pads to record every player's move?
Yes, I do.  The coaches use technology because they need to track ball speed, rotation, etc. more accurately.
What I also find interesting is some of the superstitions and quirky rules.  For my Saints, the cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant with any NFL player, even if they were there first!!!
That is not fair.  If the cheerleaders are at the restaurant first, the players should leave.
I am not sure how that came to be.  Did you hear about the call against Packers linebacker regarding roughing the quarterback?
Yes, I heard.  What do you think about it?
I am not sure how the refs can consistently make the call?  Hitting the QB in the head or below the knees is prohibited and easy to observe.  But the rule that says the defender cannot land on a QB with MOST OR ALL OF BODY WEIGHT!  How do you call that??
Do you know that Paul Hubbard, a deaf quarterback, started the circular huddle in football?
I did not.  What was the reason behind it?
He did not want the other team to read his hand signals.
Ahh.  The tradition lives on.  Today, quarterbacks have radios in their helmets to get calls from the coaches.   Did you know that in High School, Tom Brady was a JV backup QB?  You would never believe that considering his NFL record!!
He did not get to play at high school since he was only a backup. Yet, he won five super bowl championships.
Do you follow collegiate football? 
I used to.  I have no time now.  I almost prefer collegiate to professional football.
I have had season tickets to my LSU Tigers for just over 30 years!  Even collegiate football has some unusual rituals.  Did you know the University of Iowa locker room for the visiting team is painted pink?  You have to wonder if it is for humiliation, intimidation, or a bit of both?
I think it is both.  Alex Smith (redskins QB) took so many ap tests at high school that he received his bachelor's degree in two years.
That is amazing considering how many players opt out of completing their degree to enter the NFL draft.   
Apparently, Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.
I know being left handed can be advantageous in baseball, but is it in football?  During the playoffs, the NFL has a female referee.  Do you think there will ever be female NFL players?
I don't know.  The NFL has no written rule against female players but I can imagine that it is hard to meet the league's eligibility requirements.  I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
Same here.  Hopefully they can clarify the roughing the passer rule.  Its kinda hard to see how a 250-300 pound rusher cannot put most of his body weight into rushing the passer?
Do you like the NFL? 
I like to watch it sometimes.  How bout you?
I watch it every year on Sunday. 
Oh wow good for you.  did you know there is no written law against females playing in the nfl
Yeah, I'm not surprised. Also the game play is only 11 minutes. 
That is surprising.  it usually takes like 3 hours lol just to watch 11 min
Hilarious. It is a bunch of people standing around. 
I hear the NFL also puts chips on their players and on the football as well
Yeah, I'm not sure what they do with that data, what do you think? 
Maybe stats,  or training purposes?
Yeah, I would think. Did you know ESPN won an emmy for the first down line? 
That digital first down line is very helpful for people at home and watching on the screen!  That is awesome. 
I like it too. Same with the thing that follows the puck in hockey. 
That one is super helpful!  Those pucks move so fast!
Yeah, did they win an emmy for that too? 
i have no clue,  I enjoy hockey more than football though lol more game time lol
Yeah, there can be more action in those games. That is for sure. 
Yeah seriously.  In the 60's top bowlers made more money than football players lol
That is pretty cool. Reminds me of the Bill Murray bowling movie Kingpin. Well, nice chatting with you!
great chatting with ya. 
Take it easy. 
Do you like dance?
hey there, yes I do dance from time to time, what do you think the Giants shoudl do for their #2 draft pick though?
I'm not sure! I don't really watch baseball. What do you think? I think that professional ballet dancers are athletic in a way...they can go through four pairs of pointe shoes in a week.
well that is a lot of shoes haha, and the Giants are actually a Football team, they did horribly last year so they are getting the #2 pick this year, I'm just wondering who they are going to pick
Ah, thought you were talking about the SF giants. A lot of football players do ballet right?
I'm not sure do they? I do know that one team painted the visiting team's locker room pink so maybe they do? haha
Haha. Well I have heard that they do it for physical training. Another person who I would not have expected to do ballet was Tupac, the rapper.
ya I didn't expect that, nor did I expect that top bowlers made twice as much as top football players back in the 1960s
Wow, that is interesting. Around that time Bruce Lee was performing in a cha cha championship. He won.
haha that is impressive, he probably dominated, kind of like Georgia tech when they beat cumberland 222-0 haha
Wow, wonder what happened there. when was that?
ya that was back in 1916, it was the highest scoring football game ever
Oh, so I guess there is no TV coverage of it since it was so long ago. Speaking of TV, do you watch the Simpsons? Bart appears in all episodes but one and he isn't even mentioned in that one.
wow I didn't know that, did you know that women could play for the NFL? there is no actual rule against it
I wonder if we will ever see one. I heard about a woman kicker on TV. I don't usually watch the news but I like comedies like that 70s shows. They tried to remake that verbatim in UK and it was cancelled quickly.
oh ya I liked that show, and ya I think that women could play, the average NFL game only has about 11 mins of actual gameplay so it doesn't take that much endurance
Yeah maybe that is why football doesn't hold my attention. I like cartoons better, like Pokemon. I've been watching since I was a kid and there have been 750 episodes.
oh ya I love pokemon, i saw it as a kid before I became an engineer, at least as an enginner though I will make more over my lifetime than the average NFL player haha
Interesting! Plus I think engineers are better at managing their money.
yup thats it, plus nfl players only play for a limited number of years, that definitely affects it
I have to get into football more though. It looks so cool on HDTV. Luckily we don't have to watch it in monochrome anymore!
I like it when the police have fun on local media.  Like after the Cleveland Browns got "robbed" by the officials.
Yeah, they declared that a "robbery" warrant had been issued. And just to make sure, they clarified that it was a joke.
Yes.  Even though the call was close the Browns still had an 8 point lead at the time, they could have still won.
A few plays later there was another controversial call.
Yes and considering that it was a home game it is surprising that the officials did that.
The officials decided that Hyde had come up too short. 
Yes that is a shame for the Browns but that is how it goes in the NFL.  Only 6 teams from each conference can go to the playoffs.
After that the Browns still had an eight point lead but could not keep the Raiders from scoring a touchdown.
Yes So it was natural that they lost.  It was almost a given that the Patriots would end up in the Super Bowl again, held on the first Sunday in February.
Yeah, I don't watch football but I did watch the Super Bowl. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Maybe that's why it doesn't hold my attention.
Yes, but it is interesting how much technology is in the game now.  They have tracking chips inside the shoulder pads and helmets.
The superimposed line that ESPN created is pretty neat too. They got an emmy for it.
That is pretty crazy.  I just can't wait to see what the ratings do if there ever is a woman player - its allowed in the NFL, just has never happened.
Yeah even if a woman player meets the requirements I wonder if they'd find another way to keep her from playing. I know that players are more important to the NFL than cheerleaders but it still seems sexist how the Saints cheerleaders need to leave an establishment even if they are already eating there, if Saints players come in and want to eat there.
Yes that is very sexist.   I don't think it is likely that a woman will become a quarterback, but I could certainly see one being the kicker. 
Yeah, that makes sense. I am female, though I don't know if I would even want to be a football player. I'd rather be an engineer, as they make more than the average NFL player on average, over a lifetime.
Absolutely.  Much less chance of injury! There are some people who can do both - Alex Smith was working on his master's degree when he became the number one pick in the draft.
Yeah, it's cool that he was such a good student and had a backup plan. I wonder if he was on the football team in high school. If he was, how did he find so much time to take so many AP tests that he entered university as a junior?!
That is a good question.  Its so funny that Tom Brady was never even allowed to play in high school even though his team never won a game or scored a touchdown!
Haha, that is funny. Do you think that gaming is a better career ? Baker Mayfield was going to quit football to pursue a full time gaming career.
That is pretty crazy!  Its certainly safer!
Hello - how are you today?
Great. Are you an NFL football fan, and do you follow QBs like the Redskins' Kirk Cousins, by any chance?
Hello - I am a football fan. I don't know much about Kirk Cousins though.
Seems Cousins contract deal with the Redskins did not go well (for either QB or team), and he became "expendable" as they say. What does that mean, really?
That's interesting. Not really sure what that means though. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against women playing?
I've heard that. Thought contracts were written rules. Sometimes players get franchised or tagged. Fellow players often weigh in on talk shows, too. Did you know Cousins wanted about $30 deal to stay with Redskins?
I did not know that. I saw the average football game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Interesting. Must mean lots of minutes for commercials...
I would think so. The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in the players shoulder pads.
Yes. I understand that's to record a player's every move on the field. They're inside footballs, too.
Yep pretty much. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is actually higher than the average NFL player.
That's an interesting fact. Do you attribute that to players' career-ending injuries?
Quite possibly. Not too sure on that one.
Sometimes criticism can help end a player's career, too. For example, Redskins safety, DeAngelo Hall made some controversial statements about his then-QB, Cousins, when a guest analyst on ESPN. 
Wow did not know that. The NFL consists of 32 teams.
Yes. Each team is run by a front office. FYI: Hall wants to become a front-office employee for the Redskiins, and already sounds like one, some people say.
Interesting. Who is your favorite football team?
Followed the Redskins; sorry to see the Chiefs take them out of Super Bowl contention. 
I'm a Bengals fan. Just hoping we can make it to the playoffs this year.
Sometimes wonder if fans outside the US understand our version of football. 
It was good talking to you!
Do you like or follow the NFL?
Hi
Do you like watching football?
Sometimes, although it gets loud in my house
Do you have a favorite team? 
Panthers are my kids so I have to go with them, how about you?
Im from New England so the Patriots, 
Cool. I've been reading up on some things I didn't know about, some trivia and stuff like what the different 'football sports are called in different countries. 
Cool, can you share some of those facts with me! I sure want to learn today
Sure thing! Like in England, its called football but in USA we call it Soccer. Its not the same play only called by same name. 
I love soccer and yeah its not the same thing, two totally diferent sports, 
And like in Australia football is called Rugby football! Not sure what or if there is a difference in play though, do you?
The rules are different yeah, I  like football better though, I dont really understand Rugby
Yeah, too! lol! One thing am glad about is ESPN, they really do a bang up job with that yellow line
That yellow line has made the game easier to understand, I like it a lot do you think ESPN deserved the Emmy because of it?
Oh yeah! They should have gotten a Noble for it, it was genius! 
I share the same opinion, it might seem like a small thing but it changed how we view the game,
No doubt! Such a small thing too, but oh so worth it for fans or even non-fans to help in learning the game. 
I wish I was as good as Benjarvus Green Ellis, I would win so much money
Funny you should mention that, I also read in my trivia this; that the lifetime earning of an engineer is higher than the average earnings of an nfl player! wow!
I guess I have to become an engineer then lol, anyway nice chat, a lot of useful info about the beautiful game of football. 
Hey there! Do you like football at all?
Good evening, yes, I do like football.  Don't hate me, but my favorite team is the Patriots!
Oh nice! Haha, I don't hate you! Isn't Tom Brady a Patriot?
Yeah, the GOAt is the quarterback for the Patriots.
Haha. What does GOAT mean?
Greatest of all time!  Which by many, he is considered the best quarterback, me included. lol
Oh! Yeah I hear a lot about him! I've heard that he reached 1,000 career rushing yards. What does that mean?
He's awesome, that's what it means.  Basically he'll run the ball as well as throw the passes.
It's kind of weird to me, that the word football, can mean soccer or football, depending on where a person is in the world.
I know, it's confusing.  But to me football is football and soccer is not football at all. lol
Same! Here is a fun fact: In the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars! Bowling isn't anywhere as popular as football. I guess it fell out of favor.
Yes, it has.  I like to take the kids bowling every now and then, and I know there is a professional circuit for Bowling, but I don't think of it that way.  Just a kid's game to me.
I bet you can fantasy draft bowling. I mean people draft everything else. Did you know that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career?
Yes, I had read about him, I can't imagine the pressure he must have felt to remain perfect.
I know! Mess up just one time and that record is gone!
I couldn't have did it!
Me neither I am a horrible football player! Cumberland must have been a team full of people like me when they lost 222-0 to Georgia Tech, which happens to be the highest score ever in a football game.
That's pitiful!  That wouldn't happen today, I don't think.  The last Superbowl I watched was the lowest scoring ever.
Yeah that game was way back in 1916. I didn't even know football was that old. Shouldn't how long it's been around solidify that it is football, and soccer is soccer! How is the world not on the same page about this!? It's kind of crazy.
I agree with you!
:) Well, hey it was really nice talking to you!
Nice chatting with you as well,  have a good night!
Do you like football?
Football? The game is insanely popular! Who does not like the football? Everyone plays it around this world.
I dont think football is that popular other than in the states!!! maybe you are thinking of soccer?
Ah, yes, the soccer! That is the word that is used to call it in the America. Thank you. Yes, I like the soccer. The other sport, the football, used much in the US. Yes.
Soccer is a graet sport I also like it, so you like american football aswell?
I have not seen the football american except on the TV and then only with a friend who did not explain it to me.
Well its a great game, you should watch it some time Im sure you will love it, there are 32 teams and two divisions
Ok, that is many teams. I might not be able to follow all of them. What is the best team right now?
The Patriots is the best team, they won the last Superbowl wich would be like the Champions League in comparisson to soccer
I see. The Patriots are very good at kicking the ball, and throwing it from time to time. Everybody must love the Patriots. Such an American name!
Many people hate them as well because they tend to win all the time, I love them personally
I think that winning makes you a winner, and people should love winners, especailly the American people.
Yeah winning is great! so the most important position in the game is filled by the QB
The QB? The Quarterback? It sounds like a difficult and dangerous job.
Yeah the quarterback,  QB is the abbriviation, the are part of every offensive play so yeah, really important job the one they do
The QB should get paid the most then because they have to deal with the ball all the time.It is a heavy burden for one person. 
In most teams they are, so Tom Brady, a leyend of the game, used to be bench in his high school team, his team would lose so many game and the coach wouldnt start him
He was not old enough to bear the QB burden. It is hard for one who is young. He needed to age to the right age for carrying the burden of the QB.
Yeah maybe he wasnt good enough back then or he had a terrible coach, 
That is a possibility. I have come to learn many things this chat. Thank you the chat. Thank you very much the chat.
There are a lot more interesting facts about the game, hope you watch it some day. 
hey there, do you watch NFL?
Yes, I used to live in Kansas City and had season tickets to the Chiefs for 10 years before getting transferred to the east coast. I enjoy watching the NFL a lot.
Nice. Did you know women can play too if they make the cut?
No that surprised me, though perhaps if the codified that rule they'd be in some legal problems. I could see a woman kicker, are you fan of the NFL?
Not really but watch it sometimes. after all the gameplay is only 11 minutes
Yes, that surprised me, but I guess with the violent contact and injuries that may be a good thing and it let the netorks see more advertising time. I live near Boston now and was humored to see Tom Brady was a backup in highschool for a team that lost all their games and didn't score. He's had a little more success out here.
Oh for sure he has come a long way. have you heard of alex smith?
Yes,I didn't know he was so smart. I still follow the Chiefs every week and he tutored Patrick Mahomes last year, a class guy though his broken leg was painful to watch this year.I was surprised that the average engineer makes more than the average NFL or MLB player, I guess there's a lot of short carrers to bring the average down.
Yeah. Do you know who invented the circular huddle and how it came about?
Yes, I googled it and it was Paul Hubbard in 1892, interesting being deaf. Now the coaches all cover they mouths and huddle to keep the other team from lipreading the signals. I got a grad degree at Iowa, I didn't know then the visiting locker room was pink, that kind of funny.
I know. I really wonder why that is, if it serves a purpose or has a reason behind it
Seems like a feminizing act I guess or just a distraction from the game preparation. I thought the New Orleans Satints were a little rough on their cheerleaderes, can't dine with a player and have to leave mid-meal is one shows up at their restaurant, that seems a little one sided and sexist.
I really agree with you there, I do not see a point in that rule at all. THey can play in the game if they qualify and yet cannot eat in the same place as other players.
Maybe it was designed to make it difficult to date? No sense to me. I do travel to europe a lot, funny they consider football what we consider soccer, but I was surprised how  many flavor of football there are besides those to, Australian, Gaelic, etc.
Yeah I guess each country has their own concept of what constituted football. The nfl guys do not seem to make much money though.
Less than an engineer on average lifetime, I know. I see where as I mentioned Patrick Mahomas of the Chiefs is set to resign for $200 million, maybe that will bring the average up.
COuld be, I read an article about a nfl player who teaches during the off season to make ends meet
Back when I was in KC they said in the 1960's all the players had summer jobs, like Will Lanier the big linebacker delivered refrigerators. I think with the increased salary they can train year round which is good given the beating their bodies take.
Yeah exactly. And now they place chips on their padding to track movements and such.
I read that and wondered about that. I wasn't sure to what end they embedded the chip in the sholder pads, did that make any sense to your, do you see a reason? I see why they track the ball for first down and out of bounds/touchdowns kind of things.
Well nowaydas they can maybe track movement and also impact and make better clothing and helmets to protect them. Just an opinion. nice chatting with you
hi how are you? I have talked about football quite a bit today. Do you like football
Hello, i love watching football actually, how about you?
I dont watch football much. I try to watch the super bowl. 
yea the superbowl is awesome. I like college football, my alma mater is the university of iowa hawkeyes, they paint their opponents locker room pink
Why do they do that? what would that do?
They do that because pink is a calming color and they try to relax the other team before they play them. It is straight psychology 101.
Does it work? does iowa win a lot at home?
They actually do. Ive only been to a few games they have lost at home. They tend to beat ranked opponents pretty easily there like Michigan and Ohio State, crazy
I guess the other teams should start painting the visitor locker room pink. LOL
right, I wonder why no other teams do it. It works obviously lol. Do you have a favorite quarterback>
I dont. i guess i liked joe montana and steve young. they were great.
for sure, hall of famers back to back was awesome for the 49ers. I liked Alex Smith, he was too a 49er, super smart guy also
He was very bright. did quite well in high school and college, i hear.
Yep, he went into college as a junior I think and then got his masters before coming the number 1 pick overall
That is amazing. i wish more football players were that academically oriented.
Right! you only hear of the bad things happening with players and not the genius side of some of the players.
Yes, i think that the sport calls for a lot of hard work and discipline. that can be applied in the classroom.
For sure. I like Benjarvus Green Ellis because he took smarts to the game of football, he never fumbled in his  career once!
Does he have giant hands, hands like steam shovels? or the grip of a mighty warrior? what is his secret? Anyway, great chat!
Something I dont know what it is lol, he needs to teach a clinic. Have a great weekend!
You too. Have a nice weekend! Talk to Benjarvus, and pitch the idea of a clinic to him.
for sure, Ill include you also!
Hey there!  Are you a fan of the NFL?  I am a Bears fan.  Hard to believe I love a sport so much that only has 11 minutes of gameplay!
I'm a Giants fan but also follow the all 32 NFL teams to a degree
Nice!  Saquon looks like he will be a star.  Football has come a long way in general.  Only about 60 years ago, top bowlers made double the amount of top football players!
That's pretty crazy, the first nfl playoff game was played on an 80 yard long dirt field inside Chicago
Inside a hockey stadium, right?  Wild!
Yea, I believe it was the Chicago Blackhawks stadium
Very cool.  I love the subtle gamesmanship that goes on in football like Iowa painting the visiting locker room.
That's pretty crazy. Did you know since 1999 the qb with the most wins in the Browns' stadium is Ben Roethlisberger?
Haha, that is hilarious.  The Browns are almost as bad as Cumberland University.  They once lost 222-0 to Georgia Tech!
That is pretty awful. Apparently the only rocket scientist coaching in the NFL is Matt Parrcia
Wow, would think he should be a better coach!  Some guys are smart like Alex Smith.  He had so much AP credit he was able to enroll in college as a high school junior. 
Alex Smith is really smart. Speaking of QBs did you know Russell Wilson is under a mlb contract for the NY Yankees?
I have heard that before.  He is actually one of the two African American QBs to win the Super Bowl.  That is really hard to believe.
Yea, they other one to win a super bowl was Doug Williams
Doug Williams did it for the Redskins.  What do you think about the Redskins secondary this year adding Orlando Scandrick?
I don't think adding Scandrick will help the Redskins secondary much
No, I would think they should do something to help out their run defense which was 32nd in the league in 2017.
Yea, spending $10 million on Scandrick is really gonna hurt them trying to improve the run defense
He is a good player, but as their start safety Swearinger tweeted sarcastically, "We had the 9th ranked pass defense, but we def need more consistency in the secondary."
It doesn't help that Candrick is already 31 years old, I don't think he has much left in the tank
Nope he probably does not.  It was great chatting with you!  Good luck to the Giants this year!
Alex Smith is No. 11 on the Washington Redskins.
I read that! Do you watch football?
Yes, I like the Redskins actually. 200 season ticket holders welcome him to the team.
Could you imagine? The 13-year veteran signed a four-year extension worth $94 million that includes $71 million in guaranteed money after being traded from the Kansas City Chiefs for cornerback Kendall Fuller and a third-round pick.
Yes, that is a lot of money. Smith had to learn a lot from watching game film.
Do you know if he is a good player? I think it's odd they name fields after businesses now. 
Yes he was good! The redskins however haven't played in the playoffs since 2015!
Oh no! That makes this sad then, Joe Hoffmaster said he has had season tickets for 41 years and swore Smith would "galvanize" the fan base in a way quarterback Kirk Cousins did not.
Interesting. They also have won only two division titles since 2000.
That is sad. So is this..The junipero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.
They weren't very good! Alex Smith however was really smart in school. he took so many ap tests in high school he entered college as a junior.
That is smart. Not relying just on football!
Definitely, he was able to get his bachelor's degree in only 2 years.
Wow! a lot of these hits seem to be about football! Former patriots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
Cool fact! Did you know the NFL has no written rule against female players.
That is cool! This blows me away too. An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Amazing because they last for hours! And the players make millions of dollars.
thats true!  Sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football. 
Didn't know that. But the highest score ever in a football game was when ga tech defeated cumberland 222-0!
Thats crazy! Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
I like watching many shows on ESPN they make great programming.
Did you watch any of the NFL playoffs this past weekend?
Yes.  They go back a long way.  The first NFL playoff game was played on an 80 yard field in Chicago Stadium.
Wow, I didn't know that.  It was too bad they lost.  
Chicago Stadium is the old indoor arena that the Chicago Blackhawks used to play in.
That's interesting.  Do you know what the highest scoring game of football ever was?
In the 1970's I remember Washington scored over 70 points against the NY Giants.
That's a lot of touchdowns.  Well it was a college game where Georgia won by 222 points!
Wow!  I wonder if the losing college kept playing football.
Right! I guess the university of Iowa's visiting locker room is pink.  That's intimidation for you. 
College football is surely popular.  Of the 25 largest stadiums in the world, 14 belong to American colleges.
Wow, I did not know that.  The NFL has no written rule on women being prohibited from playing. 
The Bills had a female coach at one time.
I didn't know that.  I think it would be cool if a female player made a team and excelled.  I think it would give hope to generations of young sports fans. 
There are some very smart people involved in football.  Lions head coach Matt Patricia is a rocket scientist by education.  He looks like Rasputin.
Really, that is a very cool fact.  Another wild fact is that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is setting up plays and moving down the field. 
I believe that.  And the NFL now has tracking chips embedded in pads to record player movement.  Hopefully that will improve safety.  A lot of players get hurt in those eleven minutes.
Yes, I know safety has become a top issue lately in the NFL. 
That's why Nick Foles gets to QB the Eagles, and not Wentz.
Yeah, I agree with that.  Well I'm sure it will be another exciting superbowl this year. 
I wonder if it will be the Eagles against the Patriots?
I don't think so, but at this point it very well could be.  Nice talking with you. 
Hello, do you like football?
Yes. Football is the team sports which allow the player to kick the ball in various degree to the goal.
Is it?  I feel like its more of a hands throwing kinda sport.  
Ancient Greece and Romans played many ball games some of use feet to kick the ball.
Thats cool,  maybe that evolved into soccer. 
Yes. NFL player earn higher than other players. There was no written rule against female players.
Thats interesting.  In the 60's top bowlers made more than football players. 
In October 1916, Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0 is the highest score in the history.
Wow thats a very high scoring game.  What a shame for the losing team. 
I think Cumberland fans feel very upset.
I recently found out that ESPN won an emmy for the digital first down line. 
It is very interesting. NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record movement  in the field.
Yes,  they also use it in the football as well.  
The different variations of football are know as football codes. In 20th century, several of the various kinds of football grew to become some of the most popular team sports in the world.
Yeah,  which variation are you a fan of?
Quarterbacks are members of the offensive team and line up directly behind the offensive line.
Oh thanks for letting me know.  I hear there is a former patriots player who never fumbled the ball.
Who was that player ?
Benjarvus Green- Ellis. 
Super. The quarterback also touches the ball on almost every offensive play and is the offensive player that almost always throws forward passes.
I hear the university of Iowa's locker room for the opposing team is painted pink. 
It is very interesting.
Its been great chatting with you.
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing great tonight! How are you doing?
I am doing well, thanks! Do you like football?
I usually watch NFL right around playoff time. Do you like football?
I love it! did you know iowa's locker room for their visitors is pink?
Iowa is trying some sort of mind game. I don't think it works well or other teams would imitate. How has Iowa done at home? Do they win? 
They are usually a pretty good home team. They have a tear jerking tradition where they wave to the cancer hospital for kids after the 3rd quarter.
Hey, that's great! The kids must love that sort of thing. So much money goes to football. The highest paid across all u.s. department of defense employees are three football coaches of the service branch teams
Well if they win 222-0, they deserve it!
I guess, but that was back in 1916. What a game. I wonder who scheduled that one.
They probably got fired after it if they were from Cumberland. Oi!
Georgia Tech should have put in their cheerleaders to make it a fair game.
HAHA! Funny! I would have left early if I was a cumberland player. Like a saints cheerleader at dinner if a saints player walk sin..
I think that's a silly rule in this day and age. The cheerleaders don't get paid much to begin with.
That's sexism! But there is no rule against them playing in the NFL.
I could definitely see females playing football! There is no feeder system though, like college or high school.
They could work for ESPN and make up a yellow line. That would win them an emmy!
An Emmy for a line. Well, that must have been a weak year for the Emmys.
HA! I have been saying that! A yellow line...
It is so obvious now, but I guess at the time, it was a breakthrough. Did you know that those huge American flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make?
That's a heavy flag! NIce chatting with you!
How's it going, do you follow football? The Eagles were really struggling at the beginning of the season
I don't watch football that much. Yeah, the Eagles have yet to win two games in a row.
Yea, Wentz hasn't been recovering too well from his injury either
Yeah, he has been struggling with that knee injury for less than a year. They also lost Jay Ajayi.

The Eagles offense has been really struggling, they have a lot of problems
Wonder if they will be able to pull things together. It seemed like they were coming off a road victory over the giants but they didn't build on that.
Yea, it's not good that the Eagles lost three of the four previous games
I haven't been keeping up with what's going on in football. I'm not too interested. Maybe because each game has only about 11 minutes of live gameplay.
It's pretty crazy how many injures the NFL has with only 11 minutes of gameplay
Haha you are right! Maybe I would watch more if there were women in the NFL. THere are actually no written rules against female players.
I can see a female place kicker playing since there is no rules against it in the nfl
Yeah I have heard there is one who has potential who is now playing on the men's football team at her university. However, I know that players are more important than cheerleaders but it still seems wrong that when Saints players enter an establishment where cheerleaders are already dining that the cheerleaders have to leave.
It seem like a very antiquated rule that Saints cheerleaders can't be in the same restaurant as male players
Yes, I agree. Well, maybe women are better off being engineers anyway because the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings as an NFL player.
That's pretty crazy, well back in 1960 the top bowlers made more than NFL players
Yeah, it's surprising how much football popularity has risen. The technology has gotten so much better as well.
Yea, ESPN won an emmy for the yellow line representing the first down
And there are tracking chips in footballs and shoulder pads.
Football has come a long way since Paul D. Hubbard invented the circular huddle
And I don't think a university football team would lose 222-0 this day and age like Cumberland did to Georgia tech in 1916.
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Surprising that the University of Iowa's locker room is completely painted pink
I read that it was the visitor's locker room that was painted pink. I wonder if it was supposed to be some sort of insult or something, though it's not really, since pinkis cool in football these days. Football players wear it for breast cancer.
I don't know but maybe it was originally a girls room.  In the 1960's top bowlers made 2x's the amount of top football stars
It is interesting how much popularity football has gained since then. I find it interesting too that the technology has advanced so much.
Yes, tracking chips inside players shoulder pads record players every move.  I wonder if they use them outside of the game?
Yes, that is one of the interesting technologies. It's also funny that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow line.
Interesting invention.  Did you know that each nfl game only has about 11 minutes of live gameplay?  I wish we could just watch those in fast speed without commercials.  I guess with technology I might be able
Yeah, maybe football would interest me more then. I lose interest when watching football.
I like that bands mostly.  An engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average nfl player
Speaking of careers, Baker Mayfield once was going to quit football in order to become a full time competitive gamer.
He claimed he could beat anyone at the university of oklahoma one-on-one at halo 3.  Do people really make a living as a gamer?
I think there are really rich gamers, but you have to be really good.
Odds seem against people i would think to make out at that career.  The highest score ever at a football game was georgia defeating cumberland 222-0.
Yes, but odds are also against most in the NFL as well. That is funny about Cumberland! Doubt any of them made it pro!
That's true too.  I wonder if females will make it to the football pros?  There is no written rule against females being eligible
I hope one day it happens but I'm not sure because of the biological differences. You never know, though. I wish more people were into watching women's sports.
Yes, certain musculature is different.  Did you know that footballs in the nfl have tracking chips?
Yes, I learned that recently. Is the tracking for data purposes or to ensure everything is fair, or something else?
I'm not sure, but probably to analyze with some computer so they can improve upon technique.  If you are poor, I guess you don't benefit from all these upgrades in "talent" from learning these things
True. Speaking of inventions in the NFL, did you know that the circular huddle was made by a deaf quarterback so that the other team couldn't see his signals?
Yes, I've heard that one a few times.  I wonder if there is some tracking spy device now they use to overcome that?
That technology could very well exist!
Hi, how are you this evening? Have you experienced many disconnections? I have!
Yes, I have! I am good, how are you? Brett Favre apparently tried out for Monday Night Football and failed.
Was there a test for how far he could throw a football? He would do well at that. The speaking part, maybe not so good.
He is no longer under consideration. Favre denies it was like that.
The man is a has-been. He should just go back to his hometown and take up his old life. 
He thought it was important to clear it up so he went onto Twitter. He said it went well but that he did not want to go into broacasting right now.
Yes, that sounds completely reasonable. Probably wants to drive a tractor, hunt wild animals with a football. Did you know that the NFL has no rule against women players?
Ha. I heard that. I hope a woman will be able to meet the eligibility requirements one day.
It would make the game more interesting, maybe more dainty. I would like to see a woman kicker or punter. Maybe a women coach or two.
Then again I am doubtful. The NFL seems a bit old fashioned. Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if players come in after them and want to eat there.
The cheerleaders get treated badly. Low pay, long hours,There should be a union. Plus maybe men cheerleaders?
Haha, right? I am not too interested in watching football in any case. Maybe because there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
I would watch it if I could make money on it. I wouldn't want to play, even at 11 minutes a game. Too risky. Career too short.
Righ, i heard that the average engineer earns more on over a lifetime than the average football player
Women would be better off going into engineering. They could make more, and not suffer so many concussions. The brain is the center of intelligence, even in football players. 
Yeah, I've heard that some football players have suffered depression because of brain injuries
CTE is a serious problem. Probably engineers should work on better helmets, but that might not be enough. Maybe chips in the helmets to track impact?
Yeah, if they have that technology to track footballs and players every move they should be able to do that

The highest score ever in a football game happened in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. No technology at the time to track that embarrassment. The GT coach should have put women in the game. 
Wow, that seems like a game I would want to watch. Wonder what happened.
I would have bet on the game, but what was the spread? Well, as they say on the Flintstones, I had a gay old time. Talk at ya later. 
Hello, are you a fan of the NFL?
Hey there, yes I am. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Yeah I guess there is no written rule as long as they qualify.
Yeah pretty cool , hope they try for it. The game is only 11 minutes 
Exactly the rest of the timer we are glued to the tv stuck with commercials and the players getting into position
Yeah pretty much. Did you hear about that rule about New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yes about them now being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players
Yes and the worst part is that they have to also leave midmeal
So sexist, hope they get rid of it. Engineers apparently make more than players
Yeah I guess they have longer careers so that would allow them to make more money
Yeah that makes sense actually. Did you know they are using tracking chips on the players now?
Yeah they are tracking speed and velocity and all that fun stuff
Yeah I hope they can use that to reduce concussions on player and make the game safer.
That would be awesome. Do you know who Alex SMith is?
Yeah he is a great QB and a genius it seems. He finished college in two years
Yeah he managed to do that by taking lots of AP tests in high school
Yeah smart kid, planned ahead. Did you know Alex Smith finished college in two year?
Yeah the kid was so smart he took ap tests in high school and was done college in a breeze
Yup. Baker Mayfield also wanted to quit football and become a competitive gamer
Well it is a good thing he changed his mind . He still claims that he can beat lots of peope in Halo 3
Yeah, I wonder if there is any truth in there though
Lets talk about Quarterbacks, the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback originally. 
I've heard that, Paul D. Hubbard, he did it so the other team could not read his hand signals. That's pretty innovative. 
I agree, there is only one left handed quarterback in the nfl, Kellan moore
Oh wow, I didn't realize that. It seems that Tom Brady had a rough start in football, his JV team had a historically bad season in which they didn't win a game nor score a touchdown, yet they never gave him a chance to play because he was the backup quarterback.
Baker mayfield could have went another path, he really enjoys gaming, such as halo 3
It's a good thing he stuck with football. He did pretty great for his rookie season with the Browns.
Alex smith has his bachelor's degree and was able to achieve that in only 2 years
Oh wow, that's cool. He's done better than me. I went to school for 6 years for an Associates. Haha.
Lets talk about the NFL next, women could play in the NFL, there is no written rule against it
I didn't know that, I'm surprised there hasn't been a woman to play. I think it would be great.
There are so many commercials, the average game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
That's pretty wild. They take like 3 hours. I guess that's how they make their money.
There are tracking chips in player's shoulder pads that the NFL uses to track movement on the field. 
That's neat. Do they use it to track velocity, rotation, ball speed and location?
yes, engineers can make more in a lifetime then NFL players
That's crazy to think, but I guess an engineer's career is a lot longer than an NFL player. 
yes, lets talk about football next, bowlers in the 1960's made twice that of NFL players
Oh wow. Did you know that the high score ever in a football game was 222-0?
interesting, the creation of the yellow first down line won ESPN an emmy
That's a prestigious award. I've heard that University of Iowa's visiting locker room is completely painted pink. That has to fire up the opposing team.
benjarvus green-ellis in his NFL career has never fumbled. 
Hi, how are you?
Im doing great. Are you an NFL fan?
Yes, I am.  Go Patriots!  How about you?
Go steelers. Lol. Did you know that there have been ony two black QBs win the super bowl.
Wasn't aware of that.  I know my man, Tom Brady has won more than two!  How many has your Big Ben won?
He has two. Did you know that brad johnson actually threw a td pass to himself?
Cool, I don't even know how that's possible, but ok.  
A linemen tips the ball into the air. Then the QB catches the ball off the tip and runs into the end zone. Lol.
I knew physics was involved, somehow! Lol  Sounds like a risky move.
Well they dont do it on purpose. Its just haw the play happened. Did you know that there is only one left handed QB in the NFL.
Seems like there would be more than 1, it must be some type of advantage.  I know your team wasn't in the last Superbowl, but did you watch it?
It was on but I didnt really watch it lol. I cant stand the patriots.
I knew it!  People love to hate on my Patriots.  I grew up in that area and have always followed them, so I can't help it, ok! Lol That dang game was over three hours long, I about ran out of beer.
It will be ok. DId yo u know that 14 of the 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams?
I live in the South, now. so yeah I know how big college football is! So, I can understand why the stadiums are big, heck even some of the high school stadiums would impress you.
That is true. The first playoff game for the nfl was played on a 80 yard field in chicago stadium in 1932.
Probably, none of those old timers still alive that played in that game.  
I think it would be possible but probably not very many. 
That's back when they wore those little thin skull caps for helmets.  Hardly no rules at all, basically anything goes!
Hey did you know ben roethlisberger has the most wins by a qb in the browns home stadium since they were reinstated?
I didn't know that fact.  Hey, it's been fun chatting with you this morning about all things football.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi, do you like football?
I have a passing knowledge of football and the nfl
That is good! We are getting close to the super bowl!
How familiar are you with the nfl?
I like the Denver Broncos a lot. But there were many things I did not know, like that there is not a rule against female players!
I was surprised that the average nfl game only had 11 minutes of gameplay
That suprised me too, did you know what embedded chips are use for in the NFL?
I believe they embed chips into footballs to track velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location
That is right, I think is great because that is how we get so much info on the performance. I had no realize the teams only rest one week during the season
Even when they play, there are chips in their shoulderpads to track their movement and gather data for better plays and understanding of football
that is good! I learned that there was a game back in 1916 and the score was 222 to 0 by Georgia Tech, isn't that amazing
Another amazing fact is that benjarus green ellis never fumbled the football in his entire nfl career. Both amazing incidents and people
That is true. Something that I found really funny is that U of Iowa locker room for the visiting team is painted in pink, I think that is a message
I wonder if there is a funny or interesting reason for this?
They want to intimidate the visitors! An interesting fact is that there is Only one left handed QB  in the NFL
Speaking of QB, Quarterbacks are my favorite position in football since they are the core of the teams offence.
They are so important they are the leaders and they are the ones that call for the huddle
Did you know that signature circular huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback to prevent the other team from reading his hand signals?
I think that is so neat! His name was Paul Hubbard
Did you also know that Tom Brady, who has won the superbowl on several occasion, served as a backup QB and never got to play during highschool?
That is hard to believe!! I found it really funny. well it was nice talking to you.. have a good one
Hello.  Are you familiar with the NFL?
I am a fan, the Chicago bears. You?
I used to be a fan of 49ers.  I lived in the Bay Area for 25 years. 
Not any more? Did you move?
Yes I did.  I heard that NFL has no rule against female players.
No rules against females? That's interesting. Where di you move to?
As long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements.  It would not be easy even for physically strong men.
I cannot believe the controversay clay matthews has brought on with all his roughing penalties.
I did not answer your earlier question.  I moved to a Dallas suburb.  I heard that Clay was penalized for roughing the passer for a third-quarter hit on Redskins QB Alex Smith.
yeah. He got two in the first few games and had to pull back the rest of the season. No worries about not answering the question. I didn't want to probe too much if you didn't want to answer. So are you a dallas fan now?
No.  I have not been here very long.  Mathew apparently violated the directive that a defender cannot land on a quarterback.
As a bears fan, I was happy to see it! Did you know the NFL uses chips in sholder pads?
Yes I do. Technology is used every where now.  
I know. I am a little worried about it. Do you know who the only rocket scientist in the nfl is?
No.  Please tell me about it.  Is that Alex Smith?  He finished college in two years.
Good guess but it's the lions coach, matt patricia! Alex smith is really smart though.
Oh, okay.  Thank you.  Do you know the strange rule related to the New Orlean Saints cheerleaders?
I do not. What is it?
Cheerleaders cannot eat at the same restaurant as the players.  If they are at the restaurant and a player or players come in, they have to leave.
That seems really sexist and incredibly inconvenient for the cheer leaders. What a terrible rule. 
The rule needs to be changed, for sure.  I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
Hello! Do you like to watch football?
i sometimes watch football. You?
Yes same here! I can't believe that in the 1960's, bowlers made more money than football players.
the football players might not have made much. it was a golden age for bowlers though. i guess i was born too late.
Are you good at bowling? I'm terrible so I would have made less money playing football. 
i would have been terrible at both. i would have had a job painting locker rooms.
Would you paint visitor locker rooms pink like the Iowa Hawkeyes?
i guess i would try it. if it worked on the other team, then i would sell my services to every team.
I feel a business plan coming soon! I wish I was the one who created the yellow line in football games. ESPN won an emmy for that.
i bet the person who came  up with idea got a raise and a promotion. that was a good idea.
I agree! I like watching the NFL but I can't believe we really only watch 11 minutes of actual gameplay!
i would just watch the highlights from the news. that would probably be enough. it is an expensive sport to watch. 
It really is. I do like the technology that the NFL has been using though!
do you mean the chips that the players have?
Yes those! They can basically track players every moves and I think they do things with the footballs as well.
that is great. i bet it helps coaches with strategy and the tv announcers with analysis.
When you watch instant replay, it all makes sense now. Did you know there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL right now?
that surprises me. where are all the others? is that so unusual? there are left handed pitchers.
I wonder if there is a disadvantage? I can name three lefthanded quarterbacks ever haha.
there might be problems for the rest of the team to adapt to a lefty. i wonder.
Thats a good question! Well thanks for an awesome talk. Have a good one!
Do you follow American Football? The Cleveland Browns will get a new coach at  the end of this season.
Wow! There are only 32 NFL head coaching positions, so they're highly coveted. But then, it's the Browns!
Lets just hope next season is a better season than this past with coach Hue Jackson.
And lately Baker Mayfield has revealed the full extent of his sparkling potential. He was a first round pick, and is the rookie quarterback. With the right coach, maybe the Browns can win some big games.
Well, they have a good quarterback, so that is a good start to winning games.
On a recent Sunday, Mayfield led the Browns to a 35-20 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals. It's nice to win against another Ohio team!
With Mayfield as the quarterback I am not surprised the Browns won. He is good and the quarterback position is involved so much in offensive play.
Indeed. And he's still just a rookie. Did you know that when he was at the University of Oklahoma he considered quitting to pursue full-time competitive gaming? 
I wonder if he would have been good at it. There is money in the NFL, but your lifetime earnings are less than that other jobs, such as engineer.
Wow. Probably less risk of injury as an engineer, too? It's still a lot of minutes for just an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay, which is the average for an NFL game!
As a woman I suppose I could technically be allowed to play in the NFL, but I don't think I have the talent.  I don't think I have the patience to be a cheerleader because of their rules.
I know! I heard that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player! That would not work for me!
And, you would have to find something to do the rest of the year, as the season is only 17 weeks.
In the 1960s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. I wonder how the salaries compare now? Learning to bowl might be cheaper than engineering school!
Well players have received degrees, so i suppose they could have a career after football.
Indeed. I love to watch football on TV. Especially since ESPN created the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games. They won an Emmy for that! Do you like to watch football?
There are many types of football, do you mean NFL American style, of what the rest of the world calls football but Americans call soccer?.
Good point! I love to watch gridiron football, or American/Canadian football, and I love rugby football, too. It's hard to believe football has been around so long. Did you know there are references to it by indigenous people in many different parts of the world, even in prehistoric times!?
There are so many types, but since I live where football is a regional word for the NFL style that is what I see. I am not surprised that it is a really old sport.
There really are. IDuring the 20th century, several of the various types of football became some of the most popular team sports in the world! 
In America it is been over a century of playing.  The highest scoring game ever was long ago in 1916, with a score of 222-0
Wow! 222 points in one game! Almost as bad as some Browns losses! Maybe the winners heard the other teams play calls.. Did you know the circular huddle teams use today was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf quarterback? They used it so the other team could not read his hand signals. 
Maybe the new coach for the Browns will help them to the playoffs and the Superbowl this year.
I hope so! The first thing any coach needs is a good quarterback, and like we talked about, Baker Mayfield is a good one! And since quarterbacks are often responsible for calling the play and touching the ball on nearly every offensive play, he should have a big impact. A good coach and a good quarterback might finally get the Browns to the Super Bowl. 
Cleveland can hope so! Thanks for talking football with me.
do you watch the NFL?
Yes all the time. did you know the women can play too?
Yes there is no rule against that as long as they qualify
Yes I hope we get to see a co-ed game sometimes soon
Yes me too. Did you know the game technically is only 11 minutes?

Yes and we are glued to the tv for what feels like forever
Hahah i know. Did you know engineers make more over the lifetime than NFL players?
Yes but they also have longer careers so maybe that has an effect on the income
True. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yes it is sexist and it has to go honestly. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
Hm I wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on them
I wonder too. In the 60s bowlers made more money than football players
Wow I guess it was a much popular sport back in the day so that makes sense
Yes it is true. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes that was for the superimposed yellow line, what a feat
Yes. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yes. Do you know who Benjarvus Ellis is?
Yes the rb that never fumbled the ball. DO you like Tom Brady?
Yes I do. In high school he was a reserve qb that was never started
they lost a great chance with him there, too bad for them
Hello!  Do you follow the NFL?
Sure! What do think of the Cowboys acquisition of Amari Cooper?
It gave them someone they desperately needed after losing Dez Bryant.
That is for sure. Cooper had a good run in his first years in the league, but his performance with the Raiders has been lackluster as of late. I hope he can step it up with the Cowboys!
Yes!  I'm sure with the use of the tracking chips that they put in the players shoulder pads to record their every move he will start to work on his route running.
Makes sense. It seems like a lot of technology for a game that only has 11 minutes of actual ball play in the entire game. 
That's awful short for the amount of money they get paid if you ask me.  Speaking of earnings, the average lifetime earnings of an average engineer are higher than that of an average NFL or MLB player.  
Yeah, but they both eat well. That is not true for the cheerleaders!  Besides watching their weight, some clubs, like the Saints, prohibit chearleaders from dining in the same restaurant as the players. That can put a crimp in your diet!
That seems like an odd rule.  I wonder if we'll see a female NFL player any time soon since there's no written rule agaist allowing them to play?
Yeah, it may be the only way the ladies can get a good meal!  The Univ of Iowa already has their visitors locker room painted pink, so we are getting close!
I wonder if that was for Breast cancer awareness?  In the 1960's top bowlers made 2 times as much as the top football stars of the day.  Times sure have changed since then.
I'll say!  In the 1960s, there was no ESPN emmy-award-winning yellow line superimposed on the TV screen!  Revolutionized the game for us armchair QBs!
Yes it did!  I can't believe the score of the highest scoring game ever.  Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
A lot has changed since 1918 when that performance made the record books, but it is nice to see a record like that still standing today!
That's just a crazy score.  lol  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB so he could relay hand signals to the other players?
Nice!  And now the phrase, Huddle up" is known across the entire planet!  Less known is that the only left-handed QB in the NFL today is Kellan Moore. I miss John Elway!
Yes. That whole era when Elway played seemed like it was better than now.  The quarterback touches the ball on almost every offensive play and is the one responsible for always calling the plays in the huddle.
Yeah, where are the modern-day Refrigerator Perry type runners today? There are some good ones, like Benjarvis Ellis-Green, the Patriots runningback that never once fumbled the ball in his entire career, but it is hard to find a legend on the field these days!
That's a pretty impressive stat to have!  Current Browns QB Baker Mayfield almost quit football so he could pursue a full time competitive gaming career.  Sounds like that would have been a bit risky.
Yeah, but it speaks toward the mentality of our youth. I could not imagine as a child if I had a chance to go outside and play football that I would have passed on it to stay inside and pretend to play football.  I know Mayfield is more of a Halo 3 guru, but the I think you know what I am saying, right?
yes I do know! lol  It was nice chatting with you!
Hi, do you like football?
no it seems to go on forever
But it only has 11 minutes of playing time...
yes and the season only goes on for 17 weeks but then they drag it on with all those ther competitions
The good news is that they now have a new league, the AAF. That starts after the NFL. You have to be even more excited now
woo hoo, do you like football?
I can feel the sarcasm.... I do. I also understand why people do not watch it. There is so much more to do on a sunday than watch football.
back in the 1960s bowlers earned more than footballers how times change
Engineers now make more than the avg football players. Seems like a poor decision to risk permanent brain damage.
One player even considered competitive video games instead i wonder if they would make more?
It wouldn't hurt as bad. Plus Mayfield was a great Halo player, supposedly...
why is there only one left handed quarter back?
Left handers throw a ball that rotates opposite of right handers and fade in the opposite direction. It is difficult to change and get comfortable with them.
I never knew that
I am full of useless sports knowledge. 
did you know already that Iowas painted the locker room pink?
That's a weird choice of color. I wonder if it actually works?
what is it indended to do?
Make the visiting team play softer. I do not think that would work on me.
Maybe they should of tried with georgia tech in 1916
HA! It was nice chatting with you!
How are you today?
Hey I'm good, how are you? Are you a NFL fan?
I am and am doing well thank you. 

Are you an NFL fan? Familiar with Nick Foles at all and what an unlikely story he was?
don't know a lot about him, whats the unlikely story about. 
Well, the Eagles were doing awesome with QB Carson Wentz and were favorites, but then he tore a knee ligament in Week 14 and was out for the rest of the season
Yeah that is a unlikely story. Did you hear the Iowa state visiting locker room is pink
No I didn't. That's pretty weird but probably messes with other teams heads. Are you familiar with football, specifically the NFL?
To the best of my knowledge, don't get to watch the games as much anymore and was disappointed with the performances in the super bowl not necessarily the outcome. 
Ah okay, so did you see when Nick Foles won the Super Bowl last year?
Honestly did not watch last years. was it a good game? I hear the live action in the game is only about 11 minutes.
It was pretty awesome to see a backup winning it. Foles was confident though. I did know that. A lot of commercials and play calling.
Yeah i hear there going to start putting tracking chips on the players pads.
Yeah, also inside the footballs. Cool technology. I wonder if the quarterbacks care since they touch the ball so much.
Probably not, they got enough to worry about! Did you know that there was a time when bowlers made twice as much as top nfl players?
I've heard that before, that's crazy.  But at the same, did you know the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than an NFL player?
Yeah you can't play pro football for 50 years. Do you know what the highest scored college game was? 
I know those games can out of control sometimes and be very high scoring or lopsided. Tell me.
It was Georgia Tech and Cumberland the score was 220-0. Cumberland lost. i would have hated to be on that bus ride home. 
220-0, wow. I wonder if the Cumberland quarterback did anything at all or did they just constantly turn over the ball.
It was back in 1916, things were a lot different then. Hey i heard ESPN won an award.
Yes. I know why. They added that famous yellow line that we now see on every game on TV for the 1st down marker.
That's right, i like that line it makes things much easier. nice chatting with you.
Hi. are you ready to talk about quarterbacks, National Football League, and Football?
Yes, I love football, and enjoy going to the games!!
I really love going to those live games where you can get the feel of the game.  Quarterbacks are my favorite.  Did you know that Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he entered university as a junior and graduated with his bachelor's degree in two years?
He must be smart as well as talented!! Maybe he has a photographic mind....I do too like quarterbacks. Do you like avocado ice cream like Tom Brady?
Yes, I've actually made it in my VitaMix and it was good. You cannot taste the avocado in it. Tom Brady is smart like that.  He's my favorite QB.  I didn't know but recently found out that the QB is considered the leader of the offensive team and calls the plays in the huddle.
Yes, that's true and a deaf player started that huddle so the other team could not see the plays!! Interesting...
Yes, that was Paul Hubbard, right?  He was the deaf player that created the circular huddle.  Cool.
Yes, I love Tom Brady too! I got to see him this year at Walt Disney World after the game in the parade!!
Wow, how lucky are you?  Did you also know about former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis and that he never fumbled the football in his NFL career?  That's a unique attribute.
That is impressive for sure!! Did you know Tom Brady's wife makes twice as much as he does! lol
Wow, that's a lot of money between the two of them.  Apparently, the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL or MLB player.  Engineers must make a lot of money.
Yes they do!! Did you know Tom Brady has never ate a strawberry! Not sure why? Thinking he might have allergies?
Yes, that would be a good reason not eat any.  Did you know that New Orleans Saint's cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player?
Yes, that's a little outdated don't you think? Maybe they think there would be too much togetherness in the restaurant. They should let each other know beforehand where their going if its such an issue! lol
I didn't think about it that way, but you could be right, maybe it's an old rule still on the books.  Did you that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
Yes, I wonder how they would play against such big guys? Maybe the kicker position would be safe. At least they have the option, never know?
The problem is how could a woman meet the eligibility requirements, really?
lol, I agree! Did you know as far as losing games, the New England Patriots and the Buffalo Bills are equal?
Yes, I did just hear that. The New England Patriots are doing way better since they just won the last Super Bowl though.
That's true, After 16 seasons as starter Tom Brady has lead the Patriots to 8 Superbowls, more than any player in history!! 
Yes, what a great quarterback he is.  Nice chatting with you, have a good one.
Hello, are you a fan of football?
Love the football! What's your favorite team?
I am not a hue fan! I think teams like the Rams and Broncos are interesting though.
benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled the football in his nfl career. I wonder if he ever played against Iowa state. Their pink visiting team room might have affected him.
That's interesting, it must be difficult to never fumble the ball. Did you know women are technically allowed to play in the NFL?
I think that's great! I wonder what position the first woman in the NFL will play. It's just a matter of time.
There is already some misogyny present in the league, such as cheerleaders in New Orleans having to leave a restaurant if a Saints player comes in after.
The hypermasculine nature of the sport makes that kind of bigotry inevitable. I think that they need to rethink the role of woman in the sport. I see more women on the screen as sportscasters.
Absolutely. An NFL career itself may not even be as worth it as I thought. For example, the average lifetime earnings is much higher for an engineer than a football player.
We need engineers more than grown men playing with a ball. I wish we could inspire kids to study engineering.
That is certainly fair. There is an interesting element of engineering in football ironically. Shoulder pads and footballs have tracking chips inside of them for example
I guess it helps understand things like injuries. It could also be used for strategy.
Absolutely. However football could be more progressive, such as Iowa's visiting locker room being pink.
I think that's meant to psych out the opposition. I wonder if it really worsk.
I doubt it really does, I would hope players aren't that fragile. I can't believe the highest score ever was 222-0 though, that seems ridiculously high!
Didn't expect a tech school to play football well, but Cumberland might have been tiny. I wonder what the spread was.
Ahh I wonder if betting was even a thing back then. I suppose that isn't as bad as the JV football team that couldn't even score a touchdown the entire year.
Maybe those JV players would have been better off as engineers. Or bowlers in the 1960s.
Definitely, it's interesting how players think about other careers. Such as Baker Mayfield considering choosing competitive gaming over football.
Fewer injuries, perhaps some interesting sponsorship opportunities.
Absolutely, but I'm sure most don't regret choosing football. It was nice chatting with you!
Nice chat!
I can't wait for the Superbowl this year.  But, out of the 32 teams, my team isn't in it.  Do you watch the NFL?
I like to watch and am also excited about the super bowl. I don't really get a chance to watch though. 
You may need your sunglasses if you watch the University of Iowa and visit their pink locker room.  That sounds really bright!  
Yeah i was thinking about that. I assume it was to discourage the other team.
Lucky the football players didn't get discouraged in the NFL in the 1960's when bowlers made twice as much as the football stars
Yeah that was surprising to hear. It was unbelievable that they allowed a football game to continue with a score like 220-0. Mercy!! 
Sounds like someone was taken advantage of!  They losing team sounds like they needed the former patriot Benjarvus Green-Ellis who never fumbled in his NFL career.
That or the fact there is no official rule that keeps women from playing football, they may have had a chance. 
Six teams make the playoffs from each conference.  I wonder who will win the Superbowl after these single-elimination games?
It will be interesting to watch. I can appreciate a young person who is also interested in their minds as well as sports. Like Alex Smith who began working on his Masters before becoming a first round draft pick in 2005. 
Paul D Hubbard was amazing too in that he was able to quarterback being deaf.  How did he know if people were going to sack him?  He even invented the huddle so other teams couldn't read his hand signals.
Yeah that goes to show you just cause circumstances seem intolerable there is always a way to overcome. 
Too bad Tom Brady's high school jv team at Junipero Serra High School didn't think of something ingenious like starting Brady!  They may have won a game or two.
Lol! The average Game only has 11 minutes of live game play
I wonder how long Baker Mayfield would have to work if he chose full-time competitive gaming instead of pro football.  I guess more than 11 minutes. 
There is only one left handed quarter back in the NFL; Kellan Moore.
I wonder if that means he has a lot more natural talent because with all the technology they use is it geared to assist left-handers?  Considering that the quarterback touches the ball on almost all of the offensive plays that is quite a feat to be different!
Yeah when i played in high school the QB was left handed. it was awkward because the ball spent the wrong way
Interesting to think about.  I guess they don't have a quarterback in soccer, but only in American and Canadian football.
Technology has brought a lot of things a long way. i mean embedded tracking chips in shoulder pads to track players every move is kind of creepy. 
Sounds like something from a 007 movie.  Maybe because of the engineering involved that is why engineers make more average lifetime earnings than that of an NFL player and mlb player!
Greetings! I don't know about you, but I'm not much of a football fan. That's if by "football" we mean American football. If it means soccer, then I'm a fan.
Well I like football as an American haha. I don't personally like soccer but that's just me haha. Do you have a favorite quarterback?
Not really. But I did recently learn that the quarterback is considered the leader of the offensive team. I had thought the QB was in charge of the entire team.
Oh I didn't know that either. There's a quarterback in the NFL who's left handed. He's the only one. His name's Kellen Moore
Just one?! That's interesting. One of the trivia things I know about quarterbacks is that Baker Mayfield once thought about quitting football to become a professional gamer. I guess he's really good at Halo 3.
That's cool. I used to be really good at Halo 3 as well haha. I can't believe those American flags at football games can cost up to $50,000. I can think of a lot more cool things to make for that much money haha
Geez. There's so much money that goes into this sport, especially salaries. But get a degree in engineering and you'll make more money over your lifetime than if you're an average NFL player.
Not a bad idea! Do you like Snoop Dogg? I guess he wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team. That's pretty awesome
Ha! Somehow I can't see him as a father figure. But high school and earlier is where many of the great players got their start -- or tried. The JV team than Tom Brady played for in high school never used him one season.
Isn't that shocking. I wonder if a high school coach is kicking himself. But maybe Tom Brady wasn't so good back then. Did you hear about the new high school football stadium in Allen Texas?
No. What about it?
It cost $60 to make and can house 18,000 people. I just think that that money could be better spent somehow but what do I know
$60?! Are you sure about the amount? But some facilities are interesting. For example, at the University of Iowa the visiting team's locker room is painted completely pink.
Oops it was 60 million dollars LOL. Stadiums are super expensive. 14 of the largest 25 stadiums belong to American football teams
I didn't know that. I wonder if any of those teams will one day have female players. I heard that NFL has no written rule against it, but women would just have to meet eligibility requirements.
You're right they don't have a rule against it. They also don't have a rule against tracking their players apparently they use chips embedded in the uniforms to track the players locations on the field
Hmm. Can't they just see them?! ;-) It's amazing some of the technology that's used in games. ESPN, for example, won an Emmy for creating that superimposed first-down line we see on TV.
That is a genius invention though! Another genius is Matt Patricia. I guess he's a rocket scientist to also coaches in the NFL
I don't know about him. But I know some of the players really are smart, contrary to the stereotype. Like Alex Smith, who finished his bachelor's degree in two years and was working on his master's degree when he was drafted by the NFL.
He seems really smart! Did you know that the first NFL playoff game was in Chicago Stadium back in 1932?
No, that's a new one on me. I wonder how many teams they had back then. It's 32 teams now, if I'm not mistaken.
I do think it's 32 right now. And yes Chicago stadium is home to the Chicago Blackhawks actually they share a field
Do you like football?
Yea The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I wonder why none have ever tried?
Probably the thought of being a quarterback getting sacked
Its hard to say. Did u know In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
No I did not know the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player or an average mlb player
Wow thats amazing. An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. Thats even more amazing to me
Exactly and during that time the nfl uses tracking chips to record players every move
I read that the chips are in their shoulder pads. It's too technical for me.
also located inside the footballs I had no idea
Seems a lot of time tracking stuff you know?
yes they track velocity, ball speed, and location that's so interesting people really love football all around the world
Heres a good one. The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0
Wow that's a big difference. Must have been a really good team georgia tech had. like former patriots rb benharvus green-ellis has never fumbled a ball in his career
The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
so cute! Did you know Saints cheerleaders are required to leave a restaurant if a player comes in after
lol thats ridiculous I think
isn't it...they are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant ever
The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
yes very welcoming whenever there is a female player in the future
lol i hear that lol
good night!
Hello, do you watch football?
i sometimes watch football. You?
Same, although I do watch the superbowl every year.
I try to watch the bowl. i didnt get to watch it this year. i heard it was slow. last year was better.
Yeah it was, the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
that is a shame. the tickets are so expensive yet there is so little action. and no women in the game either.
Speaking of women, there are actually no rules discriminating against them to play in the NFL.
I figure eventually one of the teams will put a woman on the team, just for the publicity. 
Hopefully, but they might get injured. Football is known for its concussions!
Yes, boy, those are a problem at every level. maybe there should be high school girls teams first.
Did you know that engineers make more in a lifetime than NFL players?
Yeah, that makes sense. longer career, rising salary, fewer concussions
And professional bowlers made twice as much as NFL players back in the 1960s!
I wonder how much that actually was. probably pretty good for bowling. it was a golden age. the bowler had the perfect athletes body. LOL
It makes sense as football only started to grow roughly 25 years ago.
Yes, it has grown tremendously. the first sb was like 53 years ago. not nearly as old as baseball
There is also only one left handed quarterback in the NFL, Kellan Moore.
He is the only one? i am surprised because there are so many left handed pitchers in the MLB. 
Yeah, because it is an advantage in the MLB. I guess it is not in the NFL.
That could be the case. coaches might not want to have to deal with the wrinkles caused by a lefty. anyway, great chat!
Yes, have a good night!
Thanks! Good night!
You too!
I know little about football, but I know enough to say that Tom and Bill often deliver.
Bill does seem to be quite the coach. I don't think he has been attached to a losing team has he?
What I also know from sport is that one game does not make a season.  Don't get worked up over one loss.
Very true. It seems like in football things can change in an instant. 
I guess Tom Brady is considered one of the all time great, and he still keeps winning.
He is quite the player. People really seem to dislike him though. 
Again I don't really know enough but I suspect it might be jealousy.  My understanding is that must have fixed things this year in the end, didn't they win the Super Bowl?
Yeah they did. It wasn't even really a game to be honest. They were ahead by so much that it wasn't fun to watch from what I've heard. 
I find it amusing that Tom Brady struggled to get on his high school team.
That is hilarious. I bet that school is kicking themselves now. 
Maybe he was just a late bloomer, that might also be the reason he going on so long, isn't he near his forties?  
I think so. That could make sense. It has come a long way from that dirt field in the 30's
I wonder if the Patriots can win again next year.  There will probably be the same stories before hand, or if they lose a game or two, that Tom and Bill are done.
I think they are probably going to struggle. If they had lost one or the other it wouldn't be bad but both being gone is going to be rough. 
I wonder how the Boston area will honor them once they are done, some statues or a stadium name possibly?  There are probably lots of quarterback statues around the country.
I could see that. Maybe they will rename some local stadium for them or something. They certainly have a complicated history. 
Some controversy I believe.  Spygate and Deflategate.
I know about Deflategate but I wonder what Spygate was. Probably them stealing plays or something. 
Probably, goes on in most profession sports.  Someone seen spying on to the team training, or something similar.
Ah that would make sense. Didn't really seem to wokr though with how behind they were before pulling out some wins. 
Good talking to you.  Good bye
Hi there do you follow the NFL?
Not too much. I think it's disgusting that the highest paid employees in the Department of Defense are football coaches.
Wow.  They make more than the generals?  O
They do. Maybe Snoop Dogg can write them a fight song, like he did for his son's high school team.
That's awesome!  What's not awesome is that the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurant as any NFL player.
That's insane, and so sexist. Why does a highschool need a 60 million football stadium?
Ahh...I've heard about that stadium.  Have you ever been to Texas?  High school football is probably more popular than the NFL.
I have, and didn't care for it. I bet they have a few of those huge flags, that are over 50K.
Yes I bet they do. The University of Iowa's visitors locker room is painted pink.  Wonder why?
Intimidation, is my guess. It's probably very relaxing. Is there really only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
Yes but I can't remember his name.  Do you know it?
I think it is Kellan Moore
That's his name.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stores of the day.
That is crazy. I guess there is a rocket scientist who is a football coach. His plays must drive the players crazy.
That's interesting.  Bet he has some unique plays.  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv?
That is insane. Why do they put tracking chips in the shoulder pads of the players?
I am not aware of tracking chips?  Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.  Nice job!
They are also in the balls. I wonder why?
I have no idea.  They must be there for a reason.  lol  The highest score ever for a football game was 222-0!  Thanks for the chat!
I think that was the Georgia Tech game. Have a wonderful day.
Thanks you too.
Football fan?
I like to watch it, but I am not a fan.  Did you know that Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed?
Yeah, that's pretty cool. I wonder how that would have affected the highest scoring football game of all time. 222-0.
I heard about it. Think that was in  1976, but I am not sure what happened.
1916 I think. Georgia Tech won.
Now I remember.  in 1960 it  was when top bowlers made twice  as top football stars
Ah the halcyon days when bowling was lucrative!
I know.  do you know something about the football codes?
I know they're thinking of changing how they apply the "roughing the passer" penalty.
Ok. there are certain interesting thing about football like the fact that a university locker room is painted pink.  Don't know why.
I think to intimidate them. Pink being "girly". That's dumb. Who cares?  The NFL could have female players. There's no rule against it.
could be. 
The NFL has tracking chips in the shoulder pads of players to track their movements on the field. Kind of interesting.
That's pretty interesting. I guess they want to  track velocity and rotation and some other things.
Yeah, interesting that they would get that deep into the weeds on it. I wonder if they do that in the other football games around the world, soccer, Aussie Rules etc.?
how can they forbidden from eating in the same restaurant? 
Cheerleaders?
new orleans saints cheerleaders
I don't know. That seems dumb. Trying to dissuade fraternization or just really sexist?
I dont know why but it is too much. they are required to leave the restaurant if an nfl player comes in after
Well, nice chatting. Cya!
Hello, did you know that the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted all pink?
No why would they paint it pink ?
I guess so the opposing team would feel imasucated?  I don't know!!
I don't know much about football. It must be popular, there is a lot of people interested in betting on games.
Are there?  I think it's illegal to bet on NFL games, but I'm not sure about college.
After a new judgement, sports gambling is now allowed in any state. If you have too much money. 
I didn't realize that...I don't have too much money so I guess I won't be gambling, lol.  I didn't realize women could play in the NFL if they wanted to!
There should not be a rule preventing them to play, but I would not follow it more if they played. 
Well, there is no rule but women do have to meet the league's eligibility requirements.  Maybe that's why we don't see any women?  But considering the an engineer earns more than the average NFL player, I would recommend higher education!
Oh I did know that, it seems that football is generating so much money that the players would be paid more than engineers. The highest paid employees in the department of defense are football coaches. 
Wait a second, Department of Defense?  As in the military?  So the DOD football coaches make more than say a Sergeant Major?  That's crazy!!  But I guess the average coach makes millions a year...I dunno
Football is quite popular, games generate a lot of money, in texas there is  a high school football stadium that can hold 18 000 people.
Wow!!  Football is big in Texas...and everything is big in Texas...but wow!!  Did you know the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback?  He didn't want the other team reading his hand signals!
that is interesting,quarterbacks can be inventive, Brad johnson is the only who threw a touchdown pass to himself. 
How did he pull that off?  Tom Brady was the backup quarterback in his HS, his team had such a bad season that they didn't win a single game or even score a touchdown!  Yet they never put Tom Brady in!!
I don't know, maybe it has to do with who is the child of whom. 
Good point, that was probably it.  But still...that coach must have really disliked Tom Brady or his family to do that!
There is a lot o money and prestige in football, 14 of the 25 largest stadiums in the world are college football stadiums, so politics are never far. 
That's very true.  Going back to women and football, the New Orleans Saint's chearleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player.  So if they are eating and a player walks in the cheerleader has to leave!
That is not fair, it puts down the cheerleader like a second class citizen. 
It does, hopefully the rule will change. I'm sure people don't follow it though...I hope.  Great chat!
Do you watch much football?
No, I don't watch football regularly, there is not enough action to keep my attention, there is only 11 minutes of gameplay in a match. And you, do you like football ?
I will watch it if it is on but I don't go out of my way to watch it. I think they focus too much on the QB both on and off the field. 
Yeah, I have heard all the drama about the contract of Blake Bortles and I don't even like the Jaguars. 
What happened with Blake Bortles?
The Jaguars could have hired Kirk Cousins, since he is a free agent, but they choose to stay with Bortles and give him a 54 million contract.
Wow that seems like an obscene amount of money . Is that just for one season!?
No until 2021 but it replaces the contract that he already has. It will be around 19 million per year.
I can't see how anyone is that good of a QB to warrant that kind of money. Imagine if they took that money and spread it around instead of concentrating on one player? The game could be a lot more interesting. 
That is also what the Jaguars are doing they are full of young talents, they hope that Bortles will stay good as the the young ones will get better. 
I guess that is a decent stratedgy. I'm for it if it means the Patriots get knocked down a peg or two. I don't even watch football that much and find them annoying. 
And to think that Tom Brady was benched for a season in high school. And it was a losing season for them too. 
He is a quality player but I think they have become the yankees of football. We have reached a point where sponserships and money have overridden what the game was intended to be. 
And what would improve the game ?
I think if we were to focus more on what happens during the plays. Use some of that info and footage from the chips in the uniforms and ball. Imagine being able to see the ball go down the field from that perspective.Also put caps on sponserships. Of course treat the cheerleaders better is always top of the list. 
I think cheerleaders are a relic of the past, and some teams are treating them like a relic of the past,  they should be removed from the game and have their own competitive league. 
Those competative teams are amazing to watch. I would choose to watch that over a football game any day. Plus they aren't just there to be eye candy for some slobbering men. 
Cheerleading is one the sports where there is the most injuries, therefore it is a legitimate sport. It is funny that it is considered a sideshow in football, another sport will lots of injuries. 
There are so many injuries in football. I'm glad they are doing studies now on what the head injuries are doing to the players. It is so dangerous. 
Yeah, and they have chips in the players' equipment to monitor concussions. I hope it will help with the situation. 
Hopefully there are a lot of instances of post concussion rage that could be avoided if we can better protect the players. 
Hi how are you?
Just fine. Are you a fan of Football?
I am, what about you?
Yeah, there's a lot of interesting facts about the game. Did you know there's only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
Yes, Kellan Moore if I am not mistaking?
Yeah, that's right. I bet it must be hard to defend against his passes, even with those tracking chips they have to wear.
They also put trackers in the footballs! 
Yeah, that's amazing what they can do. But hey they gotta have some way to enforce some of those wacky rules of theirs.
Agreed and its funny how the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live play.
Yeah several hours on television and 11 minutes of play. Pretty funny.
That is ridiculous. I was unaware that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than an average nfl or mlb player.
Well the keyword there is lifetime - NFL and MLB players can make absurd amounts per year but they usually don't play for decades.
Exactly! If nfl careers were more than a couple years that statistic would not be true I am sure.
Yeah. There's also weird things about football like how Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. That's bizarre.
It is also weird and funny that Iowas opposing teams locker room is painted all pink.
Yeah I guess that's to try to demoralize the opposing team. Not that many people like pink.
I am sure it probably works. Other teams probably hate it.
They do plenty of stuff just to throw off the other team. Like how the huddle was invented to hide a deaf quarterback's sign language from the other team.
That is interesting. Did you know the highest score of a football game was 222 to 0?
Yikes.... I would not wanna be on the zero team. A sad sad day for Georgia tech.
Seriously! It was nice chatting with you!
Yeah, thanks for the fun.
hey did you know the NFL uses chips to track the speed of footballs and the players?
I wonder if they use the data to make better plays and better understand football
ya that's a good question, I'm just glad they don't put those on civilians that would be really scary for the government to track you like that
I'm surprised that the nfl has only 11 min of actual gameplay
ha im surprised but not surprised, I don't like sports so I'm usually bored during games, and ya that kind of explains it haha
While the nfl has no written rules against female players, it is a shame that some teams have biased rules such as the new orleans saints forbidding their cheerleaders from eating  in the same restaurant as any nfl player even if they came first
ya that seems really weird, also weird is that bowlers used to make more than nfl players back in the 60's
Do you like any positions in particular?
Can't say that I do, I do like quarterbacks though, i was happy Tom Brady won, what about you
I agree since the QB is the center of any offensive
I do like the patriots a lot, also that one player who has never fumbled the ball, i'd give him the ball every time!
I like kellan moore since his is the only left handed QB in the nfl
oh definitely! isn't it crazy that the average engineer makes more than the average nfl player over their lifetime, seems silly!
Well they probably have to work longer overall. Many nfl players retire early due to injury
ya I think thats what happens, hopefully theyre careful with their money, isnt it wild that ESPN got an emmy for making the yellow line on TV for football
I think that is because in those 11 minutes of real gameplay so much goes on so any help to help digest the situation for the public regarding a popular sport is a plus and significant contribution
haha ya it must be, it's crazy the highest scoring football game was 222-0, I'd definitely have given up before then!
Either the winning team had talent like green ellis or tom brady or the losing team were just that bad. Perhaps it was both
haha I could see that, apparently it did happen in 1916 so it was a long time ago
I wonder if any other game came anywhere close
ya I haven't seen such a high scoring game anytime recently thats for sure
Hello 
Hey.  Are you into NFL football?  I like the Manning brothers.  I'm sad to see Eli isn't quite working out for the Giants. 
Yes I love Football. I am an Eagles fan. I think Eli Manning is a great football player. 
Agree.  He works hard and has many touchdown passes without interceptions.  Sad that sometimes that isn't enough. 
Yes I agree. Plus the football players work too hard. Six days a week for 60 minutes of football. 
Yep.  Eli had a bad season in 2017 and was even benched for a game by coach Ben McAdoo.  Must have been humiliating. 
That is humiliating. Did you know that Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue a full-time job in competitive gaming?
I can't see that paying... The Saints sure have a good kicker in Wil Lutz.  In one game he made 4 consecutive field goals of 42, 34, 37, and 26 yards. 
Yes I agree. Eli Manning is a 37 year old quarter back so I believe there isn't much of a future. 
Unless he's like Brady.  Maybe he should start throwing to himself like Brad Johnson did for a touchdown in a Superbowl. 
I didn't see that in the Superbowl. Did you know former Patriots rb Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career. 
Yep. Pretty tight.  I actually like college more than pro.  I was surprised to learn that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are college. 
The NFL has no written rule against female players. I wonder if college football does?
I think that's a school-by-school thing not the NCAA.  College isn't as high-tech.  The NFL puts tracking chips on players to track their moves, velocity, rotation and location.
Yes, I agree. Did you know the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
I can believe it.  I played in HS and there was a lot of standing around.  
Yes it is alot of standing around, but then goes to the opposite extreme of getting tackled. 
Yep.  I was surprised to know that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL.  I would think there would be more. 
Wow. I didn't know that. Did you know the University of Iowas locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink?
That's funny.  A funny as the NFL actually having a rocket scientist coach in Matt Patricia.  It doesn't seem like a good fit for a coach.  
I agree. You think she would work for NASA. 
Agreed.  I wonder what their win loss record is.
Hello do you like football?
I do, but not as much as Snoop Dogg! He wrote a fight song for his son's football team.
Thats pretty cool!  Did you know theres no written law that women cant play in the nfl?
That's interesting. I did not know that. Football does have a lot of rules for different types of football and have different football codes.
Right.  Also,  the NFL uses tracking chips to track the players and the football!  Isnt that interesting?!
So much data! Matt Patricia must be good at interpreting data. He is the only coach in the NFL who is also a rocket scientist.
Thats really cool,  I guess football and physics have a lot in common.  Football is such a long game to watch,  its like 3 hours long but only really 11 min in game play. 
That is a long time. Baseball is also a long sport. NFL quarterback Russell Wilson is still under contract for baseball, despite not playing since 2011.
Thats interesting.  I heard the university of iowa painted the opposing teams locker room pink lol 
That's funny. College football is big time. 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams.
Yeah it seems like a lot of people put money into college football,  thats crazy!  
Speaking of money, did you know there is a high school football stadium in Allen, Texas that cost $60 million to build!
omg,  thats insane lol another fact that is crazy is there is a running back who had never fumbled a ball in his career!
That's hard to do! Do you know what else is hard to do in football? Throw a touchdown pass to yourself. Brad Johnson is the only quarterback in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself!
Wow,  he must be a fast runner!  I wonder if theres a video of it lol 
I'd love to see that clip. Speaking of football clips, Jordan Reed went viral for a clip of him doing yoga on the sideline. 
I wonder why that is a big thing?  People have different ways of preparing for a game. 
That's for sure. Whatever it takes to get ready. Football season is grueling. The 17 week regular season runs from early September to late December with only one bye week.
I recently read that the circular huddle used today was created by a deaf quarterback!
That's so cool! The quarterback is the most important player, responsible for calling the play in the huddle.
Yeah,  well its been good chatting,  have a good one. 
Do you like sports?
no not really
Personally I like football
I bet. I was going to ask you if you liked sports yourself. Who is your favorite team?
I like the patriots. They are the lanisters of football
cool.
How familiar are you with football?
Not at all. 
Do you know about the nfl league and the positions in football?
I do not and I do not care to. Do you?
Personally I like the quarterbacks since they are the core of any offensive 
I know that the nfl was formed in 1920. 
Did you know an average game only has a dozen or so minutes of actual gameplay?
eleven average min.
In any case, that is much shorter than it feel considering it takes hours
exactly, so why does it take so long?
A lot of prep, getting organized, planning, etc I guess
all that. thats why I dont really care. its pointless to me. 
I can see your point, but I think of all the effort and prep that goes into making or breaking the game in those few minutes exciting. Anyway thanks for chatting.
i guess. Not for me. have a good day. 
The same to you.
Do watch Washington Football? 
no
Apparently they rank fourth in the NFL in total rushing yards. 

not too shabby
It seems good, I don't pay a lot of attention to the stats though. Do you?

not very much either
The NFL has no written rule against female players. 

So woman technically can play in the nfl if they were good enough
Yeah, it appears so. But engineers on average make more than players. 

engineers probably have longer career lengths
Yeah, that is what I'm assuming. 

Caroloina is doing well also with 33 such plays.
Interesting, apparently they put chips in the players shoulder pads. 
The chips go well with ranch.
Interesting concept. I think they are trying to track plays. 
This is very fascinating
Yeah, I'm sure they are running the numbers on something. 
Also funny that the cheerleaders cant dine at the same place the players do.
Yeah, that is a rule that a lot of teams have I think, not just the saints. 
Very interesting information
Apparently Iowa's locker room is painted pink for visiting teams. Hilarious. 
And top bowlers in the 60s bowlers made more money
Yeah, I know. I'm not a bad bowler either. 
Are you a Bills fan? My son is a huge one! 
Can't say that I am actually haha. I don't really watch sports. How often do you watch the NFL?
Quite a bit. I have 2 boys! The bills always have an issue at quarterback, that is why their season isn't the greatest. I am surprised that they benched Peterman and started Allen...but they don't always do what I think they should.
Haha yeah I can see that. did you know the NFL uses tracking chips. They put it in the shoulder pads. that would scare me if they could players off the field haha
Yes! And in the footballs! That is crazy. They are trying to register everything that happens. I guess that is what happens when you are paying somebody big money!
Haha yep I agree. Did you know that there is a coach in the NFL that's actually a rocket scientist? His name is Matt Patricia
No way!  I had no idea. The one thing that I have heard is that it is better to be an engineer than a nfl or mlb player. Much more earnings!
Yep you're right! Did you hear about the first NFL playoff game? It happened back in 1932 on an 80-yard dirt filled back in Chicago somewhere haha
I didn't but I did hear about how the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are forbidden to eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player and they have to leave if one comes in. That is too much!
I know isn't that weird! you would think in this day and age that that wouldn't be necessary. If I were them I would be really upset, are there any quarterbacks that you like?
Yes. I do like Tom Brady...even though there are the haters out there. With his record! Who couldn't be a fan.
Yep I agree! I think he's the best too! What do you think about Kellen Moore? He is the only left-handed quarterback in the entire NFL apparently
I heard about that. Did you know that Tom Brady's high school football team never played him. Even though they had the worse season where they never won a game or even scored a touchdown.
No I didn't know that. That seems very silly. Although I wonder if he got better or if his coach was just stupid haha. Did you hear about the guy who threw a touchdown pass in the Super Bowl, to himself?
No!? I didn't. That would have been something to see. I heard that Baker Mayfield the quarterback for Oklahoma considered quitting to be a competitive gamer. Video games. Do you think there is any money in that?
No I don't think so. At least not a lot anyway. I think you made the right choice! What's weird to me is that only two African-American quarterbacks have won the Superbowl. I wonder why that is
Not sure. But the huddle was created by a man who was deaf and did not want the other team to read his signals.
That is really interesting. Another interesting fact is that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team. What a nice dad
Love that! Great talking to you! Have a good night.
You too! And make sure to check out the football stadium in Allen, Texas, it cost over 60 billion dollars to build!
absolutely.
Hello do you follow the NFL?
I do follow the NFL yeah, I like it, 32 teams, 16 on each divicision, do you have a favorite team?
I do.  I like the Steelers.  I watch all 16 games they play each year.
I dont follow all the games, mostly the playoffs or in the Superbowl, did you watch the Superbowl this year?
I did!  It's usually held on the first Sunday in Feb. every year.  I was rooting for the Patriots.
I was rooting for the Patriots as well, good thing we won, although it was a boring Superbowl, it needed more action
I did.  I wonder if we'll ever see any female players any time soon since there's no rule that doesn't allow them to play.
I dont think I will see that happen, seems like they would be at a dissadvantage
I was thinking maybe as a kicker?  Did you know they put tracking chips in the shoulder pads and balls now to record data?
Yeah, that could be a good position yeah, and I wonder what kind of stats are taken out of them, seems really advanced
Almost too advanced if you ask me.  Maybe the chips in the balls are attracted to the chips in the shoulder pads of the wide receivers so the ball will go to them?  LOL
Thats a funny theory, could be I wouldn discard it
lol  Did you know that the average career earnings of an engineer are more than that of an average NFL or MLB player?
I didnt know that, wow, that is so crazy pro players earn so much money thats hard to imagine
I know.  I don't know how they blow through their money like they do.  I think they get paid too much for only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay per game.
Only 11 minutes, but still its a game with lots of risks, players end with brain damage and thats a sad thing
Yes.  I agree.  Did you know that the circular huddle that we know was invented by a QB who was deaf so he could relay the plays to this teammates through his hands?
Wow he sure left a legacy behind, that was a clever move, I wonder if they won a superbowl
I'm not sure.  There is only 1 left handed QB in the NFL - Kellan Moore.  Are you familiar with him?
Only one, I think he retired already 
I think so.  I'm not familiar with him.  It was nice chatting with you!
Case Keenum lined up a deal with the Broncos and will become their new starter
Really, good for him.  He was regarded as the consolation prize in free agency for teams that needed quarterbacks.
This is Keenum's 4th team.  He did really well in 2017 with the Vikings
Since we are talking about Football, did you know that a female could play in the NFL.  There is no written rule against it.
I've heard that.  Did you know an average NFL game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay?
That is crazy.I found it unbelievable that the average lifetime earnings on an NFL or MLB player is less than that of an engineer.
Yes. Alex Smith was very intelligent and Entered university as a junior and worked on a masters degree before becoming the first 2005 nfl draft pick
Man, athletic and smart.  That's not fair.  Did you know that the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as the players.  Even worse, if they are already there and players come in, they have to leave.  Sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen.
i wonder how that can be legal? Interestingly, the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink.
That is hilarious.  I find it weird that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.  It IS KELLAN MOORE.
I didn't know but 1960's top bowlers made 2x's the amount of top football stars
NOT SO ANYMORE.  DO YOU KNOW THE REASON THEY USE THE CIRCULAR HUDDLE TODAY.  IT WAS STARTED BY A DEAF QUARTERBACK NAMED PAUL D. HUBBARD.  HE NEEDED A WAY TO BLOCK THE OTHER TEAM FROM SEEING HIS SIGNALS.
Interesting.  The Junipero serra High school probably regrets now that they lost every game and never used their player Tom Brady who is a 4 time superbowl champ
THAT COACH MUST SUCK.  I LEARNED THAT GEORGIA TECH BEAT CUMBERLAND 220-0 FOR THE HIGHEST SCORE EVER.
That's insane.  Sounds like they should have shown more mercy.  ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line for the first down in football games in America
I did not know that.  I did know that there are chips in the shoulder pads of NFL players to track players every move on the field.
Yes, and also former Patriot RB benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled in his NFL career
Man, he must have great hands.  Going back to the chips, there is one in the football itself.  This is to track speed, rotation, and location.
That seems too robotic.  Changing the game a bunch.
I know, but they get data on everything.  I heard the quarterback of the University of Oklahoma, Baker Mayfield considered becoming a competitive gamer and quitting football.
He claims to be able to beat anyone at University of Oklahoma one-on-one in Halo 3
Do you like football, the NFL?
Yes, but I do have to admit that I watch more NCAA.
It can be more exiting than the pro league, Im tired of the Patriots winning all the time
Much agreed there.  Did you know Tom Brady did not even get a chance to play when he was on JV
I didnt know that, why didnt he get a chance, his the best QB ive seen
Even at age 40 he is really outplaying guys half his age.   But it helps tha the has solid players like Green-Ellis on his team
Yeah he is sure a leyend, 40 years old and still has a great dertemintion, I have to give him that, and Green Ellis was a great RB also, never fumbled the ball
They are definitely making more than stars in the 60's did.  Then there were paid the same as top bowlers.
Yeah I dont see bowlers making a lot of money these days, they used to earn more that pro football players
ESPN won an Emmy for the yellow line, I didnt even know there was a category for such a thing.
I did hear about that, it was suprising to me as well but I think the creation of the yellow line changed the game forever
Especially for the home viewers.  Made things a lot easier, and the game easier to understand.
I agree easier to understand I think its great how tech is taking over the game, allows the user to enjoy it more like those tracking chips
That can also help keep the players safer too.
I heard some of the rules are changing so maybe with the help of the chips that can happen, sad to see many players ending with brain damage
Very true, at least these could measure possible concussions and they could immediately evaluate them and take them out to rest if they have one.
There is a chip also on the football all kinds of cool stats are taken out of them, like velocity, rotation speed, location of the ball
I wonder if they can use those for reviews?  It would certainly speed up the game.
I think they do, they take the stats such as running time and all and that might help, do you know the New Orleans Saints? they have this crazy rule against cheerleaders
Yeah I heard.  I cant believe they have to leave just because a player walks in.
Yeah that is really unfair and sexist, that rule should be banned
Much agreed!  Its been great chatting, but I must go.  Have a great day!
Engineers earn more than football players overall, and yeah its been nice to chat as well
hey there do you ever watch the NFL?
Yes, do you?
yes I do, would you watch it if it had female players?
Yes, I would that would be interesting.
ya apparently there is no rule against it, and so they would actually be allowed to play!
Agree,  Did you know the first playoff game was played in 1932 in Chicago stadium.
no I didn't, I also didn't know there were 32 different NFL teams
Yes, how about Texas being a big football state.
oh it definitely is, what is crazy to me is that an average NFL game only has eleven minutes of live playing, the rest is just nonsense haha
lol, They have a high school football stadium that cost $60 million to build! 
wow that is a lot, did you hear how the huddle was invented btw?
No, how?
yup created by a deaf quarterback, he used it to hide his hand signs from the other team
interesting, I also find it interesting there is tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads that record their every move.
ya that is kind of scary, also scary is that the University of Iowa painted the oppsing locker rooms pink, Id be mad haha
Yes, Its hard for me to believe the stadium flags weigh 1,100 pounds. Wow!
that is a ton! do you like the patriots btw? They have a running back that has never fumbled the ball, ever!
I love the Patriots!, and those flags cost $50,000 to make!
that's insane! I guess bowlers used to make twice what football players made in the 60's, so they couldn't afford that back then
Yes, Its great to know that America
do you ever watch football on tv? ESPN won an emmy for creating that yellow line they use during games
Are you an NFL fan?  If so, do you remember Reggie Bush?  I just learned that the Rams were ordered to pay him $12.5 million for his injury in 2015. 
Yes, I do enjoy NFL and remember Reggie Bush, but I don't remember what happened? Was it the fault of the Rams that led to his injury? $12.5 million is a very expensive injury!
Yeah he was pushed out of bounds onto some concrete that ringed the field.  That's why the Rams were sued 7.5M in punitive damages. 
Wow! I don't remember that injury, did that injury end Bush's career or does he still play for the Rams?
Not sure.  I know it was season ending.  The Rams maintained that getting pushed out of bounds is just part of the game and it's how he got so far onto the concrete.  They lost that argument. 
Bush is one of the most talented running backs in my opinion and the Rams should have made it a safe environment for him to play, however, I think the players should already know the risks involved for playing such a physical sport, do you play football?
Yeah, it sounded like kind of a freak thing...  Did you know the NFL has no written rule against female players?
No I didn't know that but I would imagine the females would have to be in great shape to withstand the physical impact of very heavy and muscular linebackers.
Yep. To answer your question, I played football in HS.  Many moons ago... I'm also an engineer but I find it hard to believe that my average lifetime earnings are more that that of an NFL player. 
Haha, I agree, I also find that hard to believe although it does seem like engineers make a lot but I always hear about football players making millions and millions of dollars, I don't think engineers paychecks are quite that lucrative. Unless they use those tracking chip data to negotiate better contracts and salaries?
No such luck.  My alma mater ran up the score of 222-0 on Cumberland in 1916.  Can't say I'm proud of humiliating another team like that. 
That is embarrassing for both parties, at what point do you just call it quits? Maybe they should've use the tactic that University of Iowa deploys in the visiting football teams locker room and painted in completely pink to intimidate them or something. Would that work?
I heard they do that to jail cells too (pastel colors).  Something about a calming effect. Speaking of paychecks, in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars.  Also hard to believe...
It's a calming effect, I thought it was to get into their minds or something. I find that hard to believe, but I also don't think bowling exists anymore, or at least I don't think quite as many people watch it as football which is considered America's pastime and in some places, called rugby. I wonder if females are permitted to play in those.
I don't watch it.  Also hard to believe that there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay.  There is a lot of standing around but I think it's more like 30 minutes of live action.
Only eleven minutes of live gameplay and yet I devote an entire afternoon and evenings watching those games. I never noticed that about Kellan Moore, he's the only left-handed quarterback in the league, do you think that is an advantage or disadvantage if at all?
No kidding... The game takes about 3 hours.  I would think that by sure odds there would be more left-handed QBs. 
Interesting to see how the circular huddle still in use to this day was actually created by a deaf quarterback who didn't want the opposing team to read his hand signals. That's quite impressive.
That is amazing.  Also amazing it QB Alex Smith who took so many AP tests in HS that he began college as a junior.  Smart dude...
Not only does he have talent, but he also has brains! I think he even went on to get a master's degree or something, I would think not very many players would value education once they're faced with million dollar contracts, would you?
I would go for the money.  One can always go back to school.  You've been an excellent chat partner.  Thanks. 
Are you a fan of the NFL? 
I am a fan of the NFL, 32  teams so far right?
Yeah, I think there are 32. There is only one left handed QB though.
Only one in the 32 teams? that is odd, who is he?
Yeah, Kellan Moore. 
Do you have a favorite player in the league?
No, he's retired. What about you? 
I do, mine is Brady, I also like Barke Mayfield, both are great
The patriots? 
Yeah Brady from the Patriots, his my favorite player
Brady is good, may be the best QB of all time. 
I agree, to me he is the best, at least the best ive seen, a game of football only has 11 minutes of live gameplay isnt that crazy!
I'm not a fan of the patriots though. There was some news recently of their owner engaging in prostitution- I was surprised to learn he did that. 
He does? that doesnt seem appropriate for the public, that disgusts me, still like the team though
He just got arrested for it. 
Its a good thing it happened after the Super bowl, a scandal like that can affect the team for sure
It is a kind of a scandal. It happened in florida, all over the news. 
I have to watch the news more often then!! how many years did he get or just community service?
I don't know. It literally happened last Friday. 
He is a public figure so they might make an example out of him, did you know about the Saints and the rule they have against cheerleaders?
Yeah, they already did by embarrassing him. 
Hi, how are you?
hey I'm good, is there a favorite quarterback of yours that you like?
I like jay cutler. What about you?
ya I like Tom Brady myself, have you seen the video of him kissing his kid? its really weird haha
HA! Yes, I have seen that. He seems like a weird dude. Who doesn't eat strawberries?
haha I know right? also weird, kellan moore is left handed, the only one in the nfl
Tom Brady didn't even play on his high school JV team...
Oh wow didn't know that, also didn't know there's no rule against women players in the N.F.L.
Alex smith is so smart he entered college as a junior! I barely graduate HS...
wow thats genius! strange to me that an average nfl game only has 11 minutes of gameplay though
I am a Bears fan and it seems like the game lasts so much longer than that. 
ya it seems like it right, did you hear about the controversy with the Saints Cheerleaders?
No, what happened?
ya they cant enter a restaurant if there is a saints player there already, it seems really outdated
Yeah. And if that is the rule, it should eb whoever got there first gets to stay. 
yup, or if anything neither person should have to leave that is just a dumb rule
There is no written rule against women from playing though. Just eating at the same restaurant...
I know right, did you see too the nfl uses tracking chips on the field?
I hope they use the data to make the game safer... It only has 11 minutes of playing time so let's make them safe.
haha I know right, but ya they can track player movement as well as ball rotation, pretty cool!
Nice chatting with you!
Do you like football ?
Yes, especially college.  I went to an ACC conference school. Ed Oliver recently single game record
For which team  Ed Oliver plays ? 
I think he's a nose guard for Houston.  Navy prepared an offensive game plan just to counter him.
I don't follow much college football, there are so many teams, even the army and the navy have one. What do you like about college football ?
It's kids that aren't getting paid a billion dollars and don't kneel during the anthem.  It's fun to watch the QBs like Alex Smith. 
The NFL has changed a lot, in the 60s pro bowlers were paid more than pro footballers. 
Yeah, that won't happen again.  So much funny stuff happens in college football.  Like the U of Iowa makes visiting teams use a pink locker room.
But there are stills injuries in college football, don't you think it is an issue with the sport ?
It's an issue with any sport (e.g., tennis elbow).  It's getting more hi-tech to prevent that and improve performance.  The NFL uses chips in shoulder pads
But football is more demanding physically on the players, that is why there are only 16 games per seasons in the NFL. 
We've turned into a nation of wussies.  I hope we don't get into a real war like WWII.  Football is OK if you're in shape like Aaron Donald.
A strong body is important, but a strong mind is better, Baker Mayfield wanted to be a professional video game player, because nobody could beat at Halo, he would not have lasted long in the NFL.  
Yeah, we are a nation with strong thumbs.  I'm not sure video games build an intellect.  Football requires a strong mind and body.  Alex Smith got his bachelors in two years. 
But being drafted first he knew he was good  and team wanted him, I think most of the football player would cut short their education to be drafted in the NFL, there are only 32 teams. 
I would.  The opportunity cost is too high.  Unless you are in one of the academies like the Navy.  They lose a lot because of the rigors of football with the rigors of the academy. 
And the  average lifetime earning of a pro footballer is not that high, it is less than the average of an engineer. 
I'm having a hard time believing that.  I mean a guy like Oliver.  If he can make investments at all, I ain't seeing it.  Surely that doesn't include coaches like Niumatolo who would make millions in the NFL. 
Most of the players don't have multi-million contracts, and people work till at least 65, and engineers have their highest salaries in their later years. 
Engineer salaries plateau... I know from experience.  I went to Georgia Tech and I can believe they once ran up a score of 222-0 against Cumberland.  Little ashamed...
At least they have a record, but not a good one. Thanks for the conversation.
Are you a football fan?
Yes, I am, Are you?  In the 60's  top bowlers made twice as much as football stars.
I am. Wow. Times have certainly changed/ 
Yes they have. How about that score of 222-0 in 1916 with Georgia Tech defeating Cumberland.
I didn't know about that. How does a team even score that many points during one game?
I don't know! That was in 1916!  I would think would stop at some point.
You would think so. Did you hear what the University of Iowa did to the visiting team's locker room?
Yes, painting it pink! Not sure how much would affect the game. More of a joke.
Seems to be. Some kind of mind trick. Did you also know that ESPN invented the yellow line that we see on TV marking the first down?
They won an Emmy for that! Pretty good Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football.
That's very impressive. Wasn't he a Patriots RB?
I thought so, 11 minutes is the average play game!
How is that possible? I knew there were a lot of commercials, play reviews, flags, and such but wow that's very little. 
Seems like its more than 11 min. But they say the average. There's no rule against women players in the NFL.
I did not know that either. With the size of the men on field it would be difficult. I can certainly see a female kicker.
Yeah, maybe the kicker, if she's good. Engineers lifetime earnings are higher than a NFL player!
Oh wow! I would definitely rather be an engineer then. It's much easier on your body. 
Yes, not worth all the damage and pain you'll get when you get older. Hobbling around with bad knees etc.
I agree. Did you know that in the NFL there are tracking chips in the players shoulder pads and in the football?
Yes, that's got to be helpful. I wonder if that helped with the inflated football? Good chat!!
Ha ha, not sure. I do wonder why they don't use them instead of just reviews for play calls if that have that data. 
Hello. Are you a big football fan? I can't wait for the NFL to start again.
I love the NFL, I cant wait either! Which of the 32 teams is your favorite
I used to be a Rams fan until they moved but now I lean towards the Ravens. I really like their quarterback, Lamar Jackson.
He is good and so fast! What do you think about the saints?
I think they are exciting to watch, but don't particularly agree with their treatment of their cheerleaders. Did you know that Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player, and if they are already eating and a player walks in, they are required to leave?
I did not know that, it seems like it is sexist! They need chips put in them apparently, just like NFL shoulder pads have
It's amazing the technology that goes into NFL equipment. There's great engineering. Speaking of engineers, the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player. Crazy!
They are worth every penny! Did you know in the 1960s bowlers made more money than nfl players. They have come a long way!
That's crazy. Things have really changed in the game. It's hard to believe, but one college football game in 1916 had a score of 222-0. Times have really changed!
I heard about that game, who played? I would have quit at 100-0 lol
I definitely would have given up at 100-0! I wonder how many quarterbacks they used. Junipero Serra High School JV football had a historically bad season where they never scored a touchdown, yet never attempted to start their backup QB. The backup just happened to be Tom Brady!
WHAT!!!! imagine if Tom Brady played for that team, they would have won 222-223! That is awesome. Are you an alex smith fan?
Yeah. I hope he recovers from his injury. He's a really smart quarterback. He entered college as a junior because he took so many AP classes. That is one smart guy!
yea he is so smart! I think he got his first degree as a sophomore in college! then became the #1 pick!
Baker Mayfield was the first pick last year, but applied himself a bit differently. He once considered quitting football to go into competitive gaming. That's crazy. Do you have a favorite quarterback?
Wow, I heard he liked halo 3. I could beat him! I liked michael vick back in the day. he was my favorite lefty quarterback, you?
There's not many lefty quarterbacks. Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the NFL now.  
Wow, I did not know that. Quarterbacks must be a right handers game! Do you watch college football much?
A little. I actually used to work in college athletics. There are some interesting things about college football. The visiting locker room at the University of Iowa is painted completely pink. There's so many strange things about football!
I live down the street from that stadium. It is so interesting, it is used to psych out the other team! Good chatting with you!
Good chatting with you! Wave at the kids in the hospital for me!
Hey there who is your favorite quarterback? I know that I like Tom Brady a lot cuz he wins all the time haha
For all time it would be Johnny Unitas.  Now, it's Mahomes.  I do respect Alex Smith a lot.
Yeah Alex Smith seems really smart. He was working on his master's before he finally was drafted, and he passed out of a lot of college classes due to his High School AP scores
I do admire that.  I used to play in HS and I never knew the circular huddle was created for a deaf QB.  
No I didn't know that either. He used the Huddle to block the other team from seeing his hand signals which is actually genius
Also something to be admired... Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL? He's Dallas right?
I think so. And yes that is crazy, it's also crazy that Baker Mayfield was going to be a professional video game player back in the day LOL he definitely made the right decision playing for the NFL
Yeah, did you hear that the U. of Iowa has a pink locker room for the visiting football team?  Does that work?
Yeah I wonder if that increased or decreased their winning percentage? I also wonder why Bowlers were paid more than top football players back in the sixties, bowling must have been very popular back then
I think it was.  I can't see how that could be considered a better spectator sport.  I went to Georgia Tech and I didn't know we beat poor Cumberland 222-0 in 1916.  
Haha that's funny! That's such a blowout I feel bad for Cumberland. I also think it's interesting that ESPN won an Emmy for creating the yellow line that you see when you watch a football game on TV, it's a very genius invention
I love that yellow line!  It makes the game more exciting. I can't believe the former Pat Green-Ellis never ever fumbled in the NFL. 
Yeah that's a very impressive statistic! what do you think of the NFL by the way? Did you know that female players are actually allowed to play?
I like the Chiefs.  Yes I did know that.  There will probably be a female kicker before too long. I heard that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in an average NFL game.  That seems way short...
I agree that does seem short. And I also think it's weird that an engineer will make more in his or her lifetime than an NFL star, that doesn't seem right but also I guess NFL players don't play for their entire lives
Yeah, I am an engineer and that's the only thing that makes sense.  Maybe one can be both, testing chips in shoulder pads?
Yes you should be an engineer for testing shoulder chips and also an NFL player to maximize your income haha! its crazy the stats they can get from those small chips these days
Ha! I could do the chip thing maybe but I would die on the field.  I'd rather hang with the cheerleaders which would be frowned upon in New Orleans.
Yes I agree, but it is silly how the cheerleaders would have to leave a restaurant if you walked into their LOL that definitely seems sexist these days
Yeah, I can't even see a high school requiring that. C'mon these people are grown!  You are an excellent chat partner, thanks!
Thank you you are as well! And definitely keep your engineering brain working on some more tracking chips because the nfl will buy them!
Hey there, are you into Football at all?
I am although I do not watch it all the time. Did you know that Snoop dogg wrote  fight song for his son's football team?
No, I didn't. But that seems like something he'd do. He seems to be a great father, in my opinion.
Yep, any parent who has time time to write a song for their children is very dedicated.
Oh here is an interesting factoid about football. The circular huddle used in today's american football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other team couldn't read his hand signals.
Really? That is super smart. There are also tracking chips placed into the NFL uniforms to track player movement. That sounds super advanced
Yeah I heard somewhere that they have tracking chips in the footballs too, I believe. 
The tracking chips in the footballs are apparently used to track its velocity and rotations. 
oh that's really high tech! Baker Mayfield a QB for the university of Oklahoma once considered quitting football to pursue full time competitive gaming. Haha! He claims he can beat anyone at the university of Oklahoma at Halo 3!
Haha. I would like to challenge him.  14 out of the worlds largest stadiums are American football ones! They are ginormous! 
Oh yeah and somewhere I read that the American flags in those stadiums are like over 1,000 pounds and cost $50,000 to make. That's nuts!
I know right? 50,000 dollars can buy you a luxury car! Why would they spend that on a flag?
I don't know, but it drives me nuts thinking about all that I could do with that money!
Same. Furthermore, a high school football stadium in Allen, Texas costed more than 60 million dollars! I think that that is more than the budge of our entire school district for the next decade combined!
Yeah imagine how many cars you could buy with that! Heh. So, the Junipero Serra high school JV football team recorded a historically bad season, when they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup QB, who happened to be Tom Brady! 4 time superbowl champion! Crazy!
I know, crazy right? The highest paid across all of the US departments of defense employees are three football coaches.
Wow football coaches that are US department of defense employees! Weird! So, I'm thinking that they get paid quite well! The highest score ever, in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. How is that even possible! Crazy big loss!
Imagine losing that badly. Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.
Interesting! I could be wrong, but I thought I'd recalled hearing somewhere that left handed people are more likely to play sports or something like that. I'd be interested to look at those stats again. That's an interesting topic to me. I'm right-handed. What about you?
I am also right handed, although most people are right handed. Personally I find being left handed would be a disadvantage as most mouses are for only right handed people
Oh that would be a pain to deal with. Also those people that can use both hands! I wonder if some can use them both equally as good! That's very interesting! And what if any difference is there between those people versus just right or left handed people. Are they average or are they twice as good at everything? Haha. It's been fun talking with you! Thanks for the great conversation!
Agreed. Thank you for your time and have a nice night!
Alex Smith to the Redskins!  If only I knew the significance of that, are you able to enlighten me.
Haha!  He was a long time QB for the Chiefs, but they did not want to pay him.  He wound up being traded to the Redskins and signing a $94 million extension!
I think I'd be reluctant to pay him at that rate.  I hope the Redskins get their money's worth.
They did not!  In fact, the young kid that took over at QB for Kansas City won the NFL MVP this year!!
That's awesome.  He was probably somewhat cheaper too.  How did the Redskin end up doing this year?
Much cheaper!  They were doing decent but then Alex Smith got hurt and his backup did too.  They wound up missing the playoffs.
You'd think I'd know, I spent ten years in DC.  Live in North East Ohio now, I understand this Mayfield guy is promising.
Yea, the Browns fan seem to love him!  Mahomes, the KC rookie, is African American.  Hopefully he can win a Super Bowl because only two have ever done it.
From my little understanding the Browns would be happy not to have a losing season.  Are there theories why that stat you say is true?
I just don't think a lot of African Americans played QB until somewhat recently.  A lot of oddities with QBs, Kellen Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the entire NFL!
Interesting, I know in many sports it can be an advantage to be left handed.  When we think of quarterbacks often there is an image of them as always white, unfortunately. 
I agree.  Such a significant position in the game.  They touch the ball basically every play.
That much I do know.  Believe me, I've tried to get into football, but with an average game seeming to take three hours I just don't have the time.
It does take forever.  It is crazy how popular it is, especially at the college level.  14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are college team stadiums!
And what, they play about ten home game, amazing.  I did see a game at Indiana State once, that stadium seemed pretty big to me.
Big and expensive!  The Army, Navy, and Air Force football coaches are the highest paid department of defense employees!
Isn't that kind of the same for the colleges, no one makes more money than the football coach?  Still not in the same league as Alex Smith and his extension.
Yes, the coaches are always among the highest paid people in the state.  It has come a long way from the first NFL playoff game being played on a 80 year dirt field in a hockey stadium.
Yes, the the times when bowlers made more than football players.  There must be some very envious bowlers out there now.
That is hard to even comprehend!  Now you have high school stadiums that seat 18,000 and cost 60 million to build!!
I wonder how many people came to Cumberland's next game in 1916, after they lost 222-0.  Not sure I'd want to go back.
Haha, it would take a diehard!  It was great chatting with you today!
You too
Do you like Baker Mayfield? I think his a great QB
I went to Oklahoma University and have listened to or watched every game since I was ten years old.  He is a spectacular QB to watch and I was glad he was drafted number one last year.
He is right, he was first in the top 10 NFL draft so thats something
Yes.  Cleveland picked him number one.  They have some other good young players, so they could get pretty good pretty quickly.
He was the Heisman tropjy winner, his pick was unprecedented, The Browns kept it as a secret choice.
He came in in game 3 when Cleveland was behind and won the game.  He was the starter after that.  I live in Phoenix, and Arizona picked Josh Rosen at number 10.  The offensive line was so awful that he lost confidence and the season went on.
The selection provided Mayfield with bid goals, he won the trophy and then he had a monumental task ahead of him, I heard he had a bad start
He was great when he came in on that first game, but had a few shaky games and then finished strong.  He cried when the Browns owner called to tell him that he would be the number one pick.
I bet that was a special  moment in his life, QB have a tough luck in the team though, the team is considered or was considered a QB graveyard, 
It sure is. Since 1999 they have only had one QB who started every game of a single season.
Tough luck, if the QB doesnt have regularity then the rest of the team is going to suffer, to think Baker Mayfiled almost quti football to become pro gamer
True.  He might have made $1 million playing Halo, but made $50 million by signing that pro contract.
$1 million wow, thats a lot of moeny for video games, but yeah, sounds like he made the right decision in the end, $50 million is a lot more
You know that Alex Smith took so many AP tests that he was a junior the first time he stepped on his college campus.
Sounds like he is a really smart QB, I didnt know that, I bet few players did something similar
I would agree.  That is a lot of advanced placement.  He was studying for his master's degree by the time he turned pro.
So he also has a masters degree, thats impressive, maybe even a PHD?
I doubt the PhD.  Since there are 32 NFL teams, 31 are disappointed every year
31 disappointed and the Patriors is usually the happy 32 team, they win all the time Brady is one of the big reasons
That is true.  He has now won 6 Super Bowls.  Those NFL games only have 11 minutes of game action.
Only 11 minutes? that seems unfair, 
Hi, how are you? I have chatted much in recent days about football. You?
Hello there, I like football, but have been watching basketball lately.  Did you watch the superbowl this year?
no i didnt have a chance to see the sb. i heard that it was a bit slow.
Yeah it sure was, the first 3 quarters there was no much offense or scoring at all.  Not very exciting, not like the year before I will say. 
The year before had a big comeback, right?
Yeah the Eagles and the Pats had a good back and forth going, with the Eagles QB making some crazy plays to win the game. 
the eagles had not won the sb before, right? that was their first, i think
Yeah good call, it was their first.  I think they deserved it and wasn't going to feel sorry for the Pats, since they have dominated the last 10 years or so. 
Yeah, brady has six rings now? someone else deserves a turn
I think he does yeah, he will go down as one of the greatest.  I was hoping the KC Chiefs would have won it, with their young star QB. 
I wonder what is going to happen next year. the NFL needs to deal with the problem of concussions and injury.
They sure do, I hope all of the tracking technology can be used to improve player safety.  Did you see the movie Concussion, with Will Smith?
I did not. does he play a doctor or something? there was a nigerian guy doing research on CTE, right?
Yep, he plays a doctor that does extensive research on CTE and a lot of people involved in the league don't want to accept his findings till years later. 
Yeah, there is too much money to be made. Player injuries get in the way of that.
Yeah they sure do.  Did you know that there is no rule regarding female players in the league?
i heard that. i wonder if a woman will ever show up at tryouts.
I hope so, but I think the system we have in place, well actually we don't have a system in place for girls to work their way up to the pro level. 
yeah, there is no high school or college ball for girls. they cant prepare for the pros.
Yep, that is why it will be hard, but once one does, I think it will open the floodgates for all types of women's programs which would be cool. 
I would like to see more women in sports. athletics is important for many reasons. Anyway, great chat!
Yeah I agree there, and same to you, I hope you have a good day!
Hi! Do you follow the Rams at all? I'm glad Sean McVay became the top candidate for coach of the year. He deserves it after what he's done in his first season with the Rams!
Can't say that I follow the Rams no. I do think that Sean did a great job though. I could definitely see him winning that award. His team is the number 3 seed in the NFC playoff field now. So that's definitely good
So very true. It's certainly rare to do what he's done - like molding Jared Goff to become a franchise QB and turning Todd Gurley into an MVP candidate - especially in year one!
Well let me ask you this, do you like football at? Personally I only watch it a little bit, but my favorite quarterback is Tom Brady, who's your favorite quarterback?
I do and I'm in agreement with you. Tom Brady is definitely my favorite quarterback or "QB". Can you believe his JV high team refused to start him when he was a back up while the team never won or scored a touchdown? That is unbelievable!
Wow that's insane! I wonder why they did it that way haha. Another thing I didn't know is that a deaf quarterback created the Huddle. He used it so that the other team could not see his hands signing
That makes so much sense and I'm sure coaches and players over the years appreciate him for that! Even left handed quarterbacks like Kellan Moore, who just so happens to be the only left handed QB in the NFL today!
That is shocking! Do you think it gives him an advantage or a disadvantage? Have you heard about Baker Mayfield as well? He was almost a professional gamer but switched over to playing for the NFL
I'm sure it probably gives him an advantage since it's "different". But I didn't know that about Baker. That was a wise choice, I'm sure in terms of pay. Even though engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of NFL and MLB players, but I would guess NFL players make more than pro gamers. Ha!
Haha I think you're right! A lot of these quarterbacks are really talented though. Did you hear about Alex Smith? He got his four-year degree in only 2 years and was working on his master's before joining the NFL
Wow! He must be a genius. People like him have the brains/talent while people like Benjarvus Green-Ellis have such unique talent like never fumbling the football in their entire pro career!
That is an incredible feat! another incredible feet would be if a female player joined the NFL. Apparently there is no rule that does not allow for that
That us true. Makes you wonder why one had never been drafted or picked up by a team. The NFL gameplay is only an average 11 minutes, so you'd think they would at least sign a female to be a kicker or something!
Haha yeah right! I could see a female kicker. did you hear about the tracking chips that they put in players shoulder pads though? Hopefully they take those off so they can't be tracked when they're not playing haha
Oh, no kidding! No telling what those players do after a game! Ha! Then again, they could track Saints players to see if cheerleaders are dining in the same restaurant as them, which is forbidden. Can you believe that?
I can't believe that. In this day and age that seems completely unnecess on a separate note, did you ever bowl by chance? I guess top bullying players earn more than top football players back in the 1960s
Are you serious? Bowling must have been major back in those days. But I still don't think it's as unbelievable as Georgia Tech beating Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916, which to this day is the record for the highest score in footfall. 
That is an amazing record! I wish that we had a video of that game because I would have liked to have seen that. Imagine how bad you would feel if you were a Cumberland fan that day haha., I wonder if they had a left-handed quarterback like Kellen Moore maybe that was their secret haha
Ha! No kidding. It would be interesting to see! Almost like the University of Iowa's visiting team locker room beinf painted completely pink. I bet that's a sight to behold! Ha!
Haha that would be a crazy thing to see! I always wonder if that would make me play better or worse though! What do you think?
It's tough to say. I suppose it could be motivational or depressing! But let's be honest: it isn't as innovative as ESPN creating the yellow first down line! Ha! They totally deserved an Emmy for that. Well it was great chatting with you tonight!
Good morning, are you a football fan?
good morning! I sure am! never miss my teams game during the regular season. how about you?
I am a big fan as well. I root for the Eagles, who is your favorite team?
uh oh, we may have some trouble! Im a Patriots fan over here haha. although i dont hate the Eagles at all, i think theyre a good team too
I guess as a Patriots fan you're probably use to everyone hating your team. I can admit it's purely out of jealousy though so you have that going for you.
yea thats it true, i guess thats a good thing. you guys beat us last year though in the Super Bowl
That was really exciting for us last year. It felt good to beat one of the best teams out there. It was a nice bit of revenge from our previous match up. This year's Super Bowl was a lot more boring.
i agree with that 100%, what a snore fest! at least both teams showed up finally in the 4th quarter
How much longer do you think the Patriots Dynasty has? They haven't really planned for the end of Brady's career yet/
i think either this year or next year will be his last. and who knows, with those issues with Robert Kraft there might be some ownership shakeup which could lead to some new thoughts on the coaching staff
I don't think Kraft is really looking at anything besides a fine and suspension. His public image definitely took a big hit, but a few other owners have been involved in some shady business and still own their teams.
thats true. its just such a silly thing he did. so many questions! ah well. did you know the highest scoring game was 222-0, i wonder what how the other team felt after that one
The defense had to be exhausted! The offense was probably ready for another game.
haha I wonder if the offense ever even hit the field!
With that score I have to believe there was some defensive touchdowns by the other team. If not they were on the field for 3 plays at a time.
thats crazy. why do you think University of Iowa paints the visiting footballs teams locker room pink?
If they think that's going to throw the other team off their game, they are probably mistaken.
they might think it has some sort of psychological effect, but im not sure it works
I don't think Iowa has any National Championships so I'm going to chalk it up as a failure.
haha i agree, they should reevalute their strategy
It was fun chatting football with you, hopefully we get the third match up in the Super Bowl so we can break the tie between the Eagles and Patriots!
lets hope! itll be an interesting game
Good morning!  Do you like and/or watch football?
Good morning. I love football. What about you?
Same here.  I think that the 17 week regular season is just too short.
I think so too. Wish they would make it longer. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL?
No I didn't!  That is really surprising!  I know they used to have a deaf quarterback which was also surprising to me.
I heard that's how the circular huddle came about so they other team couldn't see the play calling.
I've heard that too.  You know, I had always thought the huddle was just part of the game so the team could call the play.
I thought so too. Baker Mayfield once thought about quitting football to pursue a career in professional gaming.
Baker Mayfield has so much confidence he can probably do anything and be good at it!  I mean, he has made the claim that he can beat anyone at his school at one on one halo 3.
I agree. Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he was automatically a junior when he started college.
He must be really smart and high achieving!  So does that mean he was only in college for two years before being drafted?
I think so, but not too sure on that.
I guess he was younger than other draftees.  Yet he is still just as good as the rest.  What do you think about women becoming players?
I could see them being a kicker, but that's about it. What about you?
I don't know. I know that by rule they have to meet the nfl's eligibility requirements.  I guess if they can do that then I can see them being players.  I just don't know if any teams would take them.
I agree. Did you know the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay?
No, it seems like so much longer.  I guess that means that most of the three hours is just commercials then?
Commercials and play calling. 
That could explain why the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are more than a player's.
I think so too. NFL player careers are usually short lived.
Yeah they are.  Have you heard about the saint's rules for cheerleaders?
Have you seen Lamar jackson play this season?
He did good against Cincinnati. Seems like they have too much money invested i first round draft picks to NOT start them these days.
Flacco has a large contract as well. 26.5 million. 
That could give the Ravens a reason to trade him, give them some space in the salary cap.
Yeah there aren't many Super Bowl MVP winning qb's available for needy teams either
If Jackson keeps running he may not have that long in the league. Maybe they should hold on to Flacco another season.
True his teammate was also a heisman winning running qb. Insurance is always good to have
Did you hear about Ozzie Newsome stepping aside?
I have, He has been a pretty good GM in his time. He helped build 2 super bowl winning teams
The new GM will probably want to capitalize on Jackson's talent.
He's taking over a pretty talented time. As long as everything stays stable. Coach Harbaugh might be gone though
Yeah, he could go to another of the 32 teams I suppose.
The super bowl is coming this weekend. Its played on the 1st sunday of febuary
I usually watch for the commercials. The average game has only 11 minutes of gameplay. That's a lot of commercials.
It is! Think how many commercials would have aired in 1916 when Georgia tech beat cumberland 222-0
I guess there wasn't a mercy rule then either. I wonder what they would have thought of our televised version of the game. Like the superimposed yellow line, that's some interesting technology ESPN introduced.
They won an emmy for that!
I guess they give those out to anyone these days. Technology is pervasive. Baker Mayfield almost quit football to be a competitive gamer. Probably less hamstring injuries there.
A heisman winning. Halo player. I wonder how good he really was
As good as Patriots back Green-Ellis who never fumbled once?
Lets not go that far
Did you see any of the Super Bowl last Sunday?  It capped off an interesting NFL season.
I did watch that, I liked it, what is shocking is that the avg. nfl game only has 11 minutes of actual game playing, that seems low
That would explain why I get bored watching sometimes. It also explains why the announcers try to be such personalities, I suppose.  
yup I agree, I watched the super bowl but I don't follow sports, I do thy're kind of boring, what would be progressive is allowing female players in the nfl
Allowing female players would be good. There have been a few in college, so maybe someday one or more will make the transition.  The NFL has no rule against them, but doesn't have the best track record for dealing with women, especially cheerleaders.
right that is true, I saw a saints cheerleader has to leave a restaurant if an nfl player is present, that seems very silly to me
Reading that made me shake my head.  It is 2019 after all.  Things sure have changed since the early days when NFL players made less money than professional bowlers.
ya they definitely have, also surprisng is that over their lifetime, a nfl player will make less than an engineer, on average
More money, less pounding on the body.  Engineering sounds like the way to go!  Although, Tom Brady has made a a pretty good career for himself, even though it may not have started so well.
ya you're right, I read that his wife actually makes more than he does
That was a bit odd, you're right.  Brady seems to be a lightning rod for a lot of things.  His success has created a lot of haters.  Six rings is pretty amazing no matter who you are.
yup I agree he deserves respect, if I were him I'd alwyas give the ball to Green-ellis though, that guy has never fumbled the ball
That is an amazing stat. And you're right.  Every quarterback needs a running back he can depend on.
ya definitely, do you watch football on tv or in person? I guess ESPN won an emmy for making the yellow line to create the first down on tv
I have never been to a live game, how about you? I watch sporadically here at home.  ESPN has indeed done some innovative things, for sure, but sometimes their announcers are hard to listen to for very long.
ya I don't even have cable but if I do watch sports it is on tv, did you hear how the university of Iowa painted teh opposing teams locker room? That would make me play a lot harder haha
Yeah, that is an interesting bit of gamesmanship.  I can't imagine sitting in there very long.  It would drive me crazy.  Anything for a mental edge, I suppose.  
ya I suppose, have you ever heard of the highest scoring football game of all time? It was 222-0 haha
How does that happen??  I can't even imagine what that was like to watch.  How bad did the losing team have to be? 
haha nope I don't like any sports so no worries? and ya the teams were georgia tech and cumberland, cumberland must have been devestated afterwards haha
Devastated, embarrassed, disheartened.  I wonder if they even have football anymore.  Maybe competitive gaming might be more their specialty.  Apparently some people actually make a living doing that. 
Ive heard of that, I think Baker Mayfield was almost a competitive gamer right? smart that he chose football instead haha
Do you have a favorite quarterback in the NFL? I don't watch football much, but I do like Tom Brady and a few others.
I do, Tom Brady of course, I'm a fan of the Patriots, Alex Smith is another great QB
Kellan Moore is also really cool because he's the only lefty. I always hear his name and have to think a minute. I get this football player mixed up with Kellyanne Conway of all people.
Is he really the only lefty in the league? I thought there were at least a couple more, do you know who invented the circular huddle?
No, I'm not sure who did. I always enjoy watching the huddles in the football games on TV. I like to imagine ad lib what they're saying and thinking.
The huddle was invented by Paul. D. Hubbard, he was a deaf QB.
Wow, that's really smart of him. It's amazing how it caught on and is still used today in football games even in the NFL.
Being deaf sure was a big disadvantage but maybe his other senses heightened and he was able to play better thanks to that. 
That sounds reasonable. I've heard of that happening with people who lose one sense. Did you know that Tom Brady started out as kind of a failure at football? He was only a backup to begin with.
He was? its kind of hard to imagine that I bet his team had a great QB and also a great team. 
Well, I guess the quarterback and the whole team of Brady's wasn't doing too well and he really should have been put in but for some reason they didn't let him play, even. Sad football season for him.
I bet that made him improve his skills, he definitely showed his coach 
Yes, I bet the coach was embarrassed after that! lol Quarterbacks seem to be in the news a lot. I never hear of the field goal kickers or something, do you?
No not really, they are only in the news when they miss an important shot lol, did you hear about the Emmy ESPN won because of the yellow first down line
That's amazing! I wonder how much that increased their income? Do you like soccer aka football, too?
I do like it, its one of my favorite sports as well I also like rugby
I used to play football soccer a lot when I was a kid. I was pretty good at it and always seemed to lose balls over fences, though. lol
Yeah that happened to me as well I just watch it now lol, do you like Rugby as well? what about Gaelic football?
I do like Rugby but it's hard to catch a match on TV without cable. I think I've watched a match or two on YouTube. I definitely watch NFL highlights on YouTube a lot also. 
I do that as well I just don't have the time to watch the games, they last a long time and all the ads just drive me crazy. 
It's hard to believe football season for NFL is only September through December. I wish we could have it year round. I guess the football players need some time to rest and practice, too, though.
How's it going, do you like football? A lot of people are speculating Bill Belichick is going to leave the Patriots soon.
I don't watch a lot of football. What position does he play?
He's the coach of the New England Patriots, theres rumors that him and his QB Tom Brady are not getting along despite all the success they've had
Aw, that's not good. Speaking of football, did you know Iowa states locker room is painted pink?
Yea lol, I guess Iowa is really trying to play mind games on the visiting team with the pink locker room, or they really like pink
Yeah, seems like they're messing with them. I think pink is supposed to be a calming color. 
I wonder if Georgia tech did anything to mess with Cumberland before the game they beat them 222-0
If not then they must have played a good game! Did you know that in the 1960s the top bowlers made twice as much as football players?
No, that's pretty crazy but the average engineer also makes more than the average nfl player over a lifetime
That's pretty interesting. The NFL allows women if they meet the requirements. 
Interesting, since there no rule forbidding them I think it's possible to see a female placekicker
Definitely seems possible. In an average NFL game there is only 11 minutes of live game play! I never would have guessed that!
Yea, it's shocking how many injuries occur in only 11 minutes of actual gameplay
Absolutely! And how much work goes into so little actual game play time. The NFL also tracks players movements through chips in their shoulder pads.
That's pretty crazy, it's also crazy that Kellan Moore is the only left handed qb in the nfl
That's interesting. The junipero serra highschool jv football team had a historically bad season which they failed to even score a touch down. Ouch.
Yea, hopefully the coach of the JV team got fired for not even giving Tom Brady a start
The new Orleans cheerleaders are banned from eating at the same place as the NFL players. That's weird. 
That makes no sense, Saints cheerleader should be able to eat wherever they want regardless if there are players there or not
Yeah, it does seem a little strange that the cheerleaders have to leave even if they were there first. 
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Hi, how are you?
Hello im great, do you like football?
I do like football. Do you?
I like it as well, what do you think about the Titans and the week 14 of the season
I like the Titans and have no clue what happened in week 14. I wonder what happened...
I think they have a good team and they ended up winning 30 - 9 against Jacksonville.
So they were a good bet! Then again a lot of teams had success against Jacksonville this year. Bortles really held them back this year. They had a good D...
Yeah Jacksonville didnt have a good team, so what is your favorite team? 
Im a bears fan. We did well but not well enough for my liking.
I am a Patriots fan, and hopefully next year you can make it to the Superbowl, its hard to make it there when there are 16 good teams for each division
Yeah. I am assuming you will be watching on Sunday????
I will sure watch the game, I have a whole party set up lol, friends are coming so its going to be a nice game to watch, even if we lose
That'll be fun. What's on the menu?
Chicken wings, burgers and beer, lots of beer lol, what are you doing for the game? do you have something special set up?
I will watch it at my house. My wife is not a huge fan but she watches this game with me. I will do jalapeno cornbread and jambalaya. Can't wait!
Im counting the hours for sure lol I wonder how the chips the players have work or where that info goes to
I know my chips will be going into my belly... They don't have a rule against women playing.
It would be interesting to watch a woman play on Sunday, It would be a bold decision from the coach though
I am not sure the American public has the stomach to watch that. Those guys are pretty big!
They are I guess thats why theres not a written rule yet, aterall its a game of strength.
Good luck on Sunday. Nice chatting with you.
Hi, do you follow football? The University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink!
Hi, Yes I do. I wonder if that actually effects the visiting team or if they think it is funny.
I guess they thought it was worth a shot. Kind of feminine, but some women play pretty tough.
I am surprised that in the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. 
It was a golden age of bowling, never to return. I guess they were the stars of the media at the time.
It may return! Crazier things have happened.
There's probably a better chance that women will play in the NFL, which  has no written rule against female players
I wonder who will be the first woman player. I will give her a lot of credit!
Probably a kicker, maybe a punter. Women can be refs, probably cooaches too.
They deserve to be! 
Very true. They would get treated better than cheerleaders I hope.
Agreed. I can not believe that the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
It seems so short but there are so many injuries. New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player.
That is crazy! I am surprised that is allowed to be passed.
They would be better off becoming engineers. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player
I guess that is because they have longer careers.
Very true. Fewer concussions. That is the way to go. They could design chips that track players.
It would be cool to record a players every move on the field.
True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good day!
You too!
Thanks!
Bye
Hello! Are you watching the super bowl tonight?
I wish Baker Mayfield were playing in the game.
Yeah, he sounds like a decent player. I don't know much about him overall, all though he seems like he's an excellent player. 0-16 is impressive!
He won the Heisman trophy in college, and was selected high in the draft.
That's amazing. I know most people didn't think he was an obvious choice, but apparently Cleveland knew what they were doing.
Many thought Sam Darnold or Josh Allen were better choices.
Why are QBs so important? I mean I get that they lead, but there's so many other positions on a team, why are they so important?
The quarterback touches the football on almost every offensive play.
Yeah, but still. For a game that averages only 11 minutes of live gameplay, you'd think other positions would get a chance to be in the spot light. It seems like teams live and die by their QB...
Perhaps, but the forward pass will remain essential.
No, I get it. It's the beginning of the play. I wonder why rugby didn't take off over here come to think of it...
I think it is because football is brave enough to do things like the pink locker room in Iowa.
The pink locker room? Is that a breast cancer awareness thing?
No, I think is was related to the fact ESPN won an emmy for the yellow line.   I may be wrong though.
Huh, I never heard of it. My NFL and college team were both horrible this year and I don't have cable, so I gave up on going out to watch the game in October or so. The disappointment wasn't worth the money.
Perhaps you can try following soccer or Gaelic football.
I've thought about it. I think rugby would be more my style, even though I'd probably like hockey more. Although I've got to say...I'd root for any team that has a woman join. 
Do you think such a thing is even legal within the rules of the game?
As long as they meet the requirements for the league, why not? 
I don't know, but since engineers make more than atheletes over a lifetime, perhaps they are the wiser ones.
Both are a lot of work. 
Yes.    Designing the chips in shoulder pads and playing with them are both difficult!
Certainly! One's way safer though. 
Hello, do you like football?
Hello! I do! How about you?
I watch it sometimes, not a lot though.  Did you know the NFL uses tracking chips on the players and football?
I didn't know that! Is it to track movements and every move on the field?
Yeah stats,  location, spin, speed stuff like that
Oh cool! Can you believe there is a rocket scientist that is a coach in the NFL now?
Thats pretty interesting. 
Football is crazy around here though. 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams.
Thats believeable,  college football is so serious,  just like the Nfl it generates a ton of money. 
It even goes down to the high school level where a Texas high school spent 60 million dollars on their stadium. I bet they don't even pay their teachers well either.
Wow,  well Texas is a big football state,  they are obsessed,  but i guess theres nothing to do out there. 
Haha you're right! Did you know there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
I did read that recently,  fun fact!  The average football game is only 11 min !!  
And we sit there for 3 hours watching the whole game too just for those 11 minutes lol.
I know right,  thats excessive.  Too many time outs,  huddles and fouls lol
We continue to love it though. Maybe it's because of the unknown during the game.
In the 60's top bowlers made almost 2 times more than football players. 
Look at them now haha. I would have chosen bowling over football any day back then lol.
Hell yeah,  less injuries lol Bowling is pretty fun.  
Oh for sure. I didn't know how much those big flags they waive across the field cost!
Right,  that is ridiculous that they cost 50k
Hopefully the money goes to a great cause! Anyways, I had a great chat with you, Have a good night!
hi how are you? do you like football?
No I do not like football.  I also do not like TLA.  Three Letter Acronyms will be the death of modern society.
Yes TLA will the DMS, that is true. we should be careful and CYB.
Would Matt Patrricia know what CYB is? He was a rocket scientist before becoming a coach.
cover your behind. DMS death of modern society. (BTW) Matt is a genius. he knows every TLA.
Right. cover your behind.  very well.  Is it important to people that like football to like the announcers.  Brett Favre would be as good as any talking head.
I guess. does he have the personality to fill the booth though? he might need to have a few, just like Madden.
Interesting.  Have a few.  It helps when watching a game to have a few.  I could provide some play by play narrative on the picking of a new ESPN play analyst.  
Well, Madden is known to drink while doing play by play. He is a colorful guy, but really needs to restrain himself.
Peyton Manning turned down ESPN and Fox Sports to be the face of the telecast.  Perhaps Madden, after having a few gets a little handsy?
LOL. Yeah, John, boy, he gets lonely up in that booth. The man is a legend but he is past his prime. Time for a change up there.
Do you find the idea of Play by Play on searching for a play analyst for football kind of odd.  Entertainment has be come entertainment.  or something.
Yeah, every thing is so meta these days, that meta itself is getting old. We need like mega-meta or something.
Meta-meta.  I like it.  I was worried you would pull a TLA out.  Michael Stahan seems to have launched a successful broadcasting career.  Skipped the booth and right to morning TV. 
MorningTV. man, i could not do that. i would get tired of getting up early. Um, who is Michael Stahan?
New York Giants defensive end.  15 year career in the NFL.  Gap between his front teeth.  I wonder if he will use his new found celebrity to push the NFL to study concussions.
I hope so. that is terrible problem at all levels of the sport. CTE should be looked into and people should know the risks of the sport.
The NFL is in a unique position to study the problem.  They have data, tracking chips in shoulder pads. They have plenty of test subjects.  If only they could avoid being found liable for injury. 
Yes, i guess. once they know, then they all liable. still, if they dont try, people will suspect the worst. Anyway, great chat!
Right on.  track the ball velocity, speed and rotation and never learn a thing. good job NFL.
It is a business. the NFL wants to keep the money coming. 
17 weeks of regular season, they have to grab cash fast.
The national football league is the one of the major sports league in North america. It consist of 32 team.
They divide them into two divisions, so that they can play against each other to work their way toward the super bowl.
The NFL season starts from September to late December.  The NFL is started in 1920 as APFA, re-naming itself in 1922 as NFL.
I didnt know that.  As long as I have heard about pro football it has always been the NFL.
The NFL has no written rule against the female player they want to met the leagues eligibility requirement. 
Im not sure many women would want to play, they dont even treat cheerleaders well.  I cant imagine who they would treat a female player.
Women they want to work hard to fit in the game. NFL uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to records move in the field. This shows their aggression to win the trophy.
It isnt hard to be aggressive for just 11 minutes, that is how much game play there is in the average game.
They are earn more revenue than other players. so only they want to lift the trophy.
The only one who had been touching the trophy lately are the New England Patriots... lol
Which is your favourite team?
My family is from Miami, so I grew up a Dolphins fan.  No trophies for me.  Lol
In modern american football, the Quarterback is called  as the leader of offense.
The QB is definitely an important part of the game.  One of the most notable in recent times, Tom Brady didnt even get a chance to play on his JV team!
Alex smith is important player all time. He work hard to win each and every game.
He had so many credits in HS that he could afford to start working on a masters degree before entering the draft.
The quarterback also touches the ball on almost every offensive play and they make the forward passes.
Yes, they do.  did you know how the circular huddle came about?
The university of Iowas locker room for visiting football is always painted with pink. Do you know ?
I had heard that before, nice little intimidation tactic there.
Sports is commonly football in some countries include the association football.
Isnt that what they call soccer in the US?
Its is Soccer in US. Some countries called by in the name of football.
I must go, nice chat.  Have a great day.
Hello.
Hey, are you into football?
Oh yea, you?
Yes. Did you hear Chase Routllier is starting center with the Redskins?
No, I didn't.  The Washington Redskins selected the Wyoming product with a sixth-round pick in the 2017 draft
Nice. I enjoy watching Chase Roullier. He takes very good angles, and good technique. He's a rookie, but he seems to be excelling in his position on the team. 
Yes, and he's just going to continue to get better
Yeah, he has to get comfortable with the offense with him being a center. Did you also hear Chris Thompson, runner back, is almost back to full health?
That's great to hear. The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
I definitely agree with that statement. I know a lot of teams do not treat the cheerleaders of the football teams equally. The New Orleans Saint's Cheerleaders are not even allowed to eat in the same restaurant as their football players. So I bet the female players wouldn't get treated fairly. 
Wow, I can't stand the Saints anyways.  Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
I believe that the NFL shouldn't allow technology like that, because it could make coach's nit pick player's every moves. They need to let the players play naturally. Thank you for talking with me today about football. 
Yes, I enjoyed it as well.
Did you hear about the new helmet rule in the NFL?
No, what's that rule.
Players cannot lower their heads and make contact with opponents. I seen it on an Eagles game I was watching. 
Oh yes, that is correct.  I have heard about that one.  The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0
I think the rule is hard for players when they are used to tackling in that manner. Wow that score is so high!
Yes, they are.  They continue to change rules.
Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow line representing the first down line for American football games?
No, I didn't.  Very interesting.  Thanks.  Can you hit done
Yes, thank you!
Hi. Do you like football?
Well, I've learned a lot about the function of a quarterback today.
The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
What an odd color to paint a locker room! I wonder if it helped them score better!
Maybe. The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0
That is an incredible amount of points to score in a football game! Unbelievable!  The other team must have been terrible!
Yes. Former patriots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
That sounds like a near-perfect record. What a talented football player. I wonder how much he was paid as a player.
Don't know.In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
It sounds like bowling was a much more lucrative career back then, than football was. Hard to imagine a time when bowling paid more than football!
Yes. Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football game
That's kind of funny - winning an Emmy for a yellow line that is superimposed on a tv screen. Usually Emmys are given for best acting, or something like that.
True. Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
That's interesting. I wonder if being lefthanded makes it harder or easier for other players. A deaf player by the name of Paul D. Hubbard created the circular huddle they use now in football.  By huddling in a circle, the other team wasn't able to read his hand signals.
I remember hearing that. There's a guy who does a commercial with one hand.
What kind of a commercial do you mean? What does he do with his hand?
I think for a car. He's in the NFL.
Oh, so he does sign language, or uses football signals? They should allow women to play football in the NFL, don't you think?
No. They can if they want to. There's no rule to stop them.
Women can wear helmets just like the male football players.  However, it would be hard for women to block tackles from big men. The New Orleans cheerleaders can even eat in the same restaurant as players do. I guess that is to avoid fraternization.
I never knew that. Plus, the cheerleaders have to watch their figures.
I'm sorry, I meant to say they CANNOT eat in the same restaurant as football players.  The cheerleaders are even required to leave the place if an NFL player arrives. That's really strange! lol
Yes. A lot of companies have strange policies. It's sort of like the Me Too movement.
I'm not sure how that is similar to the Me Too movement. Can you explain what you mean?  The technology today is getting so precise, they even record every move the football players make when they're playing on the field.  The NFL uses tracking chips that are located in the shoulder pads, and inside the footballs, too.
I never knew that. I think it's similar to Me Too, because everything now is sexual harassment. I'm not saying there's no sexual harassment, but everything is too pc.
Oh, I see what you mean.  You mean they don't want the football players and cheerleaders to date or socialize to avoid any harassment issues. 
Yes, but to me that is silly. Like why would they wear such outfits? If you find it demeaning, or however, don't take that job. 
The cheerleaders are assigned to wear skimpy outfits to entice male viewers.  I'm not sure if you're connecting the outfits to the rule about not eating in the same restaurants or not.
Yes, I am. I'm saying everything is over sensitive now. 
I suppose you are right. There has been so much publicity about harassment and it looks bad when NFL players are caught doing something like rape, or assault. They need those chips on them all the time, not just on the field!
LOL Maybe one day we will all get chips. 
These chips can read so much information!  The ones the football players wear track their speed, their rotations and even how fast the ball is going and where the ball is located on the field.
Interesting. I have to go finish cooking my dinner. Take care.
Nice talking to you. Have a good dinner.
Bye
good morning to you!
Good morning, do you like watching football by chance?
I do! I never miss a Patriots game during the season. What about you?
I am a fan of the Patriots but I dont follow every game, you must love Brady then. 
yea hes one of the best! Interesting guy in his personal life, but he's a heck of a Quarterback 
Yeah he is a legend just like Benjarvus Green Ellis do you remember him? He's a former RB that played in the Pats.
Yea I heard he has a great claim to his name, he never fumbled the ball in his entire career!
He never did, he is another legend indeed, I think he's the only RB that can say that at least out of the good RBs in the history of the league. 
I agree. Did you hear about the highest scoring football game of all time?
No, what is the highest scoring game of all time I wonder?
It was a whopping 222-0! Georgia Tech dominated Cumberland
That must had been painful to watch lol, 222-0 what was wrong with the losing team!
I dont know! Its almost like they didnt even show up to the game!
I know right, or maybe they only had one player on the opposing team I have to Google that.
that would be a funny one to watch. One man on the field against an entire opposing team
That would be funny and also really unfair, no way one person could win alone, not even Brady lol. 
Absolutely not haha. Did you hear about Alex Smith? apparently he was pretty smart and took all sorts of AP classes in high school. He even began working on his Masters before getting drafted!
I did hear about him he is a great QB but I didnt know he had a masters I guess he takes advantage of time. 
Yea and I guess he really was preparing a fallback plan in case the football career didnt pan out. I wonder what he'll do when he retires
I bet he has plenty of choices, he does have a bachelor degree and also a masters degree so that should help him.  
He does. Speaking of degrees, I better go study! nice chatting with you!
Do you watch football?
I do.  What do you think of the NFL using tracking chips now in the shoulder pads to record data on the players?
I guess it makes it more accurate but it's crazy how fast technology is developing. ESPN also won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line.
I love that yellow line.  It makes it nice to see where they have to get to.
Yeah it helps a lot. It's amazing how much football has evolved. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
Wow.  I wonder if any females ever tried to play back then since the NFL doesn't have a rule that doesn't allow them to play.
And the circular huddle was invented for football, most likely back then, by a deaf quarterback.
Pretty neat I think I've heard that before.  I don't think he wanted the other team to steal his hand signals.
Yes you are right. And there used to be really high scoring games in 1916. Doubt it would happen today where Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222 to 0

Georgia Tech must have been really good back then.  Either that or Cumberland was super bad.
Haha I wish I could see the footage. Too bad it was so long ago!
Talk about a one sided game.  Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL.  
I wonder why that is. I wonder if there is a disadvantage. Speaking of disadvantages, Tom Brady's high school was doing badly and they refused to start him! Now he is a four time Super Bowl champion.
Isn't that something?  I think he was a 6th round pick too in the 2000 draft so every team passed on him before the Patriots signed him.
Crazy! Good thing he did not give up. But it is good to have a backup plan like Alex Smith who got his bachelor's degree before being drafted into the NFL.
That was pretty impressive.  He got his degree in only 2 years!
Yeah, that is awesome. What do you think about quitting football to go to full time competitive gaming?
Are you talking about Baker Mayfield?  That is the craziest thing I've heard.
Yeah, he says he can beat anyone at his university one on one.
Good call on his part to stick with football.  If anything he should have thought about being an engineer since they make more over a lifetime than an average NFL player.
Yeah, maybe you are right!
Hello, are you a football fan?
I do watch the occasional game.  I find it interesting that players are more famous than teams.  Like Eli Manning of the Giants.
I watch a game every blue moon. Did you know the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay? Crazy!
Yes, there are a lot of rules, flags and time outs.  Its kind of like accounting.  What do you think of Kyle Lauletta replacing Manning?
I guess if Manning isn't doing the job, it's time to play the rookie. Teams have to do what they need to get a win.
It does seem he is not doing the job.  It must be a tough choice for a coach.  The QB touches the ball almost every play.  To loose a great like Manning would be rough.
I am sure it must be but it might be time for them to move in. Manning is 37 and I'm sure it's not as easy as it once was.
I like the way the word football means different things depending on location.  Some people would think soccer, some would think rugby.
Yeah so confusing sometimes. I can't believe the highest score in a regular football game was 222-0 back in 1916; GA Tech v. Cumberland. Yikes!
That game must have been something to see, for the winning side.  Did you know that a high school stadium in Texas seats 18,000 people and cost $60 million?
Wow, I'd say that's a lot for a high school stadium. Must be a huge school. Wonder if they have any pink locker rooms like Univ of Iowa for their visiting football teams.
Football, its fun,games and pink locker rooms and serious as  well. 14 of the 25 largest stadiums are college teams.  I wonder if Iowa is large and pink.
Probably just trying to psych out the visitors. Did you know that girls can actually play in the nfl? There seems to be no written rule against it as long as they meet eligibility requirements.
That sounds like a good thing, but is it really?  Do we want to see a girl get hurt on the field?   The NFL uses chips in players pads to track movement. 
Yeah that doesn't sound very appealing at all. Would have to be a pretty tough gal for that. Best to do the cheerleading thing probably though I feel bad for the NO Saints cheerleaders who are forbidden from eating in the same restaurants as NFL players.
Cheerleading is a sport in it self.  32 football teams each have cheerleaders.  But, they only work 17 weeks unless the team makes the playoffs.
They would definitely be busier cheering for patriots. They made playoffs a lot. In fact Benjarvus Green former patriot never once fumbled the ball in his nfl career.
Thats a neat thing to learn.  NFL QB Russell Wilson is also a MLB player.  The rangers traded him to the NY Yankees.  I wonder if he gets two checks.
Too bad he didn't go for engineer as second job, they make more than nfl players and mlb players.
I think it has to do with some players making a name and being worth a great deal.  The average engineer has no name and makes a decent amount.  Rocket Scientist Matt Patricia is a coach in the NFL.  I am sure he makes more as the coach than the rocket scientist. 
Quite possibly! Hey nice chatting. Have a great day.
Hey who is your favorite quarterback? I like Tom Brady, but I can appreciate Kellen Moore, he's the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL!
I am a fan of most offensive members. I prefer the quarterback leaders. Tom is the man!
I agree! What do you think about Alex Smith? Did you know he was actually a genius and almost got his master's degree?
Wow, that is impressive! Baker mayfield almost quit football to be a gamer. Good thing he stayed in the sport!
I agree I think he's got a better career playing football LOL. What about the circular huddle, do you know how that started
I'm pretty sure it was from a quarterback that was hard of hearing. Is that right?
Yes you're right, he was deaf and would use the Huddle to cloak his hand signals actually.
I would love to see women on the field. Did you know the University of iowa locker room has been painted pink? I guess pink is stereotypically associated with women, so maybe that's for any female players who might join the NFL?
Haha that's a good point. I wonder why they painted it that color by the way? and can you believe the way that the Saints treat their cheerleaders? Did you hear about that
It is probably a good idea to keep the cheerleaders and players apart for drama purposes. Of the 32 teams in the league I think the saints are the only ones that do that.
I heard that other teams do that but I'm not 100% sure, what do you think about teams using tracking chips to check the players on the field though? That could be good for stats I think
I would love access to the data! Such interesting technology. Worth the money since engineers make more than players do.
It is shocking, also shocking that the average NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes of gameplay, that's not too much time
Pretty crazy that so much of the gaming is not active play. This year's superbowl was on the first Sunday of February as it always is. Pretty boring game of 11 minutes of play.
Yep I agree it was pretty boring.  also boring is watching bowling games lol. They used to be the highest paid athletes back in the 60s
I love bowling! But watching it is boring. I wonder why they aren't paid as well all of these years later.
 they need to invent some new stuff to put on tv when bowling is on. Like the yellow line that they use for football that espn invented
Who is your favorite AFC team? I can't wait for the superbowl next year when the AFC plays the NFC.
I actually don't follow football that much. I do like the Patriots though, are they in the AFC?
I am not sure. But the Patriots are an amazing team. They will go down in history.
Yep I agree. I love their running back BenJarvus Green-Ellis, he's never fumbled the ball before, he's so amazing
Hi there! Do you watch football? The NFL is made up of 32 teams.
Yeah 32 teams 2 divisions, my favorite team is in the AFC devision, so yeah, I like to watch football, what about you?
I love to watch football. Did you know former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career?
Never fumbled? really? wow, I knew the guy was good but never fumbling the ball seems like an impossible feat for a RB
Yes, pretty amazing. Football is an interesting sport. Did you know that the NFL has no rules against female players as long as they can meet the league's eligibility requirements?
No didnt know about that, has a woman ever played in the NFL?
I do not know. Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live game play?
I didnt know that either, I did know about the tracking chips players have in their shoulders, heard of those ones before?
No, what are they all about?
They pull stats out of the game, there are also chips on the ball that determine the speed, rotation, and other interesting facts of the football
Now that is cool! Hard to believe that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
Seems like engineers do really good, they get to earn more money and without the brain damages or injuries that football creates
That's what I was thinking. Even the top bowlers in the 1960's made 2x as much as top football stars.
I guess football is a lot more popular now, I dont see pro bowlers making much money these days
I agree. Talking about this day and age, it's hard to believe that Saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat at the same restaurants as the payers and if they are eating and a player comes in they have to go. 
That is a really unfair rule, the Saints should change that, its totally rude and out of line
Yes, it's dated! I am glad there is football though. I love the Super Bowl. It is usually held the first Sunday in Feb.
Im glad about that too, did you watch this years Superbowl?
I sure did, did you?
I also watched it I was rooting for the Patriots but thought it was a boring game
Well it was good talking with you. Bye now.
Hi! Are you into sports?
I am, I like the NFL, do you? 
Yes, i enjoy some football here and there, I just wish there were somemfemale players. But I wouldnt go againt those though players, its intimidating.
Did you know the average game is only 11 minutes long? 
yes, and its insane. sometimes I wish it was only 11 minutes. My husband can go a little nuts, hes a big fan
There are a lot of commercials. It is worse when you are there live. 
true! I find it interesting how the NFL can track footballs to monitor speed and rotation! I think the players are tracked too.
Yeah, that is pretty cool. I wonder what they do with all of that data? 
Maybe that's how they see how fast players throw, so they can improve. I heard players have their shoulder pads chipped to track their move on the field.
Yeah, I heard that too. I'm not sure what they do with the information though. 
Im not sure, but it would be interesting to find out. but did you know that an engineer makes more in a lifetime than a football player? 
I can believe that. I think on average football players don't last that long. 
At Least they live their dream. Although football has never paid well in the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars
That is pretty funny, it reminds me of the Bill Murray movie where he is a bowler. 
there are alot of interesting facts surrounding football, like that super imposed yellow line we all love, the ESPN won an emmy over that!
Yeah, that line is great. I have to be honest, I wonder if they won one for the thing that follows a hockey puck? 
Lol, thats a good question. Not sure I wonder why cheerleaders have strict rules, they cant be in the same restaurant as player, atleast the Saints have that rule
Interesting, the Redskins have similar rules here. I know a few ex cheerleaders. 
really? How cool! I guess not a perk of the job. 
yeah, there was a player here, Chris Cooley, who got in trouble for marrying one. Well nice chatting with you!
I figured it was to keep them focused on the prize. Anyway, fun chatting with you too, Take care!
Brett Favre was one of the greatest QB ever do you agree. 
Packers QB? For sure. Loved Vikings-Packers rivalry! Heard ESPN recently turned down Favre for NFL broadcasting spot. They lost a lot of football know-how! What do you think?
I didnt hear about that, but I think they they are missing out on a high rating. 
Agree. They want to replace Jon Gruden on Monday Night Football. He's back coaching the Raiders. Peyton Manning turned down ESPN, too. Another ratings loss?
Could be, I don't follow them much but it seems like a mistake, Peyton Manning is another hall of famer. 
Right. Favre had a 20-yr. career, a SB win, three NFL MVP awards, after all. Who's your fav NFL team?
Mine the Patriots, the one with the biggest comeback on Superbowl history, yours?
I saw that game - against the Falcons, wasn't it?
It was against the Falcons, thought its the best game I have ever watched. So whats your favorite team?
Have to admit that, of the 32 teams, I don't have a favorite. Do like individual players. Admire Tom Brady. Did you know when he was in jv, his team lost every game & didn't even score a TD, yet his coach never put Brady, the back-up QB, into a game! Little did that guy know...
I didnt know that, I wonder why, his coach must had been terrible, do you also like Alex Smith, his another great QB.
Yes, heard he was so smart he entered college as a junior and got bachelor's in just 2 years. When did he join NFL?
I think it was in the year 2005 he was the first pick in the NFL draft. 
Must be good, as well as smart. What team does Smith QB now?
I have no idea, I dont really follow him anymore Baker Mayfield is another great QB, he is also a skilled gamer. 
Heard the name. College QB. Univ. of Oklahoma?
Yeah that the one, he considered quitting football and perusing a career in gaming 
Wow. Thought football - NFL - paid better. But they say engineers lifetime earnings exceeds both NFL and MLB players. Because injuries end careers?
Im guessing its because of that, engineers tend to have longer careers also so yeah, that makes sense. 
Did you know the av. NFL game has only 11 minutes of live game play? Guess they know: have embedded chips in players' shoulder pads these days. Do they really need to track every move w/cameras everywhere?
Only 11 minutes really? that's not much at all and that seems a bit invasive, I guess the players get used to that eventually, anyways its been great chatting with you today. 
Chip no problem for my fav. player, RB Saquon Barkley of Giants. Makes you want to watch football all day - great young athlete. Catch him on 2018 NFL highlights! Thanks for great chat!
I agree he is a great athlete and player, one of the best RB out there, thanks for the chat bye. 
Hello hows it going?  Did you know The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
Yeah, in some ways the NFL treats women well, but in others, it treats them really poorly. The cheerleaders in particular. The saints cheerleaders even have to leave a reseaurant if the players walk in after theyve been eating.
Yeah I read that too pretty sad!  This one is really interesting: Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Thats pretty crazy. I never watched much football, our school didn't have a team. I'm more familiar with soccer, although they call that football in a lot of other countries.
Right.  The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.
That sounds like my life. Just imagine how much money those player make now, in 1960, top bowlers were actually getting paid more.
lol wow bowling must have been really popular back then lol 
lol i guess so. Apparently the highest score ever in a football game was Georgia tech vs cumberland, 222-0 in 1916.
Geez thats horrible.  lol Alex smith took so many ap tests in high school that he entered university as a junior. the quarterback received his bachelor's degree in two years, and began working on a master's degree, before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 nfl draft.
I watched a documentary not too long ago about the neurosurgeon that investigated traumatic brain injuries in NFL players, it was crazy.
wow,  thats probably sad to watch. 
It was sad. They make a ridiculous amount of money, but they can only work for a few years. And what can they do afterwards?
Well if they saved their millions of dollars hopefully they can travel the world and relax.  
Football, rugby, and soccer are all in the same family of sports. All involving kicking a ball towards a goal.
Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
i read that the circular huddle was adapted by a deaf player so that the opposing team couldnt real him hand signals.
Thats pretty considerate of the nfl. 
There is only one left handed quarterback in the entire NFL.
That seems odd.  Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
lol one player considered quitting to play halo professionally. NFL/ must not treat them THAT great.
lol right!  its been good chatting with you. 
Hello Do you follow the NFL?
They run too quickly. But I do watch them on TV.  You?
I'm a fan.  Out of the 32 teams in the NFL do you have a favorite team?  I'm a Browns fan myself.
My condolences. I am a recovering Bills fans myself. My biggest cheers are heard during the bye week.
Nice!  I'm not too far from Bills territory.  I live in extreme North East Ohio and when we go to Erie, PA to shop it turns into Bills country.  lol
Wave hello when you get near the border of NY. I'' be wearing a parka. You know, the NFL has no written rules against women in the NFL?  That is what keeps the Bills under the cap..
lol I've been your way quite a few times.  We always stop at that big rest stop on I90 in NY.  I always look forward to seeing the big indian statue as well.  lol
Nice! I have a friend in Med School in Erie... Osteopathic Medicine. That is what Cheerleaders are trained in. Especially the ones in New Orleans that are prohibited to mingle with NFL players over dinner. Mingling is hazardous to ones health.
Isn't that the oddest rule?  I wonder why they came up with it?  Did you know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
In BIlls country we would celebrate if there was at least one minute of "Live gameplay"  You know, the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than that of a NFL player?  That is why the current HR trend it to give the players the job position of "Football Engineer"
LOL In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of the day.  I'm sure that's way different now.
Bowlers are making a comeback.  They are seeing more and more concussions these days! Soon they will be putting tracking chips in their bowling balls to plot the velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location... for those that did not watch the first time.
lol That's great!  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
222-0... That must have been a brutal game!
Talk about a blowout!  Ouch. lol  The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room completely pink.  Wonder why they did that?
As a calming influence on the players, I am sure the visiting team is always grateful for their considerate behavior!  Like I am so thankful to ESPN for that superimposable yellow line they put on the field,. It calms me down considerably!
lol yes me too.  Especially when the team I'm rooting for crosses that yellow line!
Gives you a burst of endorphins! That's why I am hooked on the game. The whole time the teams are in the huddle I'm saying, "who invented the huddle, and why are they spending so much time in there?  I need my next fix!
lol That was pretty neat that the huddle was created by a deaf QB so the other team wouldn't steal his hand signals.  It's been fun chatting with you!
Same here!  And perhaps soon we will see more than just one left-handed QB. Until then... may all your balls bounce the right way! 
Hahaha That's great!  Have a great night! 
You a sports fan? I always wanted to be a quarterback! The leader of the offense! Glorious job!
I am not a football fan thoughI usually watch the Super Bowl whichisheld the first Sunday in February.
Oh nice. Yeah cool! It is an exciting single elimination tournament indeed.
And seeing the NFC and AFC compete against each other is neat.
Yeah agreed. I think the NFL 17 wewk regular season should be shortened. It's too long and lots of injuries occur.
I guess Joe Flacco was important for the Ravens and was sitting out injured.
Yeah but it sounds like Lamar Jackson was doing well in his place.
Flacco is a former Super Bowl MVP but hasn't done as well in recent times.
Yeah I think he still has good potential though. I have faith in him as a QB. QB's sometimes don't do so well. Just ask Tom Brady who didn't even start in high school on his JV team!
Wow, interesting! Speaking of quarterbacks, I wonder why there is only one left handed quarterback it the NFL.
Yeah that is a good question...not sure. Did you know the circular huddle was invented so a deaf quarterback could give secret hand signals?
I did not know that. Interesting. So Russel Wilson is a quarterback who used to play for the MLB. They still have him under contract even though he has not played in a regular season game since 2011. He was even traded in 2018 to the Yankees from the Rangers.
Haha wow so odd. Why doesn't he just cancel it? Baker Mayfield was once a very good Halo 3 player and it almost took over his life lol!
I am not sure I really understand the full story. Brad Johnson is another interestig one, only quarterback to have thrown a touchdown pass to himself.
That is a great accomplishment. What team was that for? Alex Smith was a very smart high school student and he was drafted first overall in 2005.
I'm not sure what team. Speaking of high school, the football stadium in Allen, TX is extravagant. It cost $60 million to build.
Holy cow that is expensive. Lot of guacamole. I wonder how big the serra high school stadium is? That is where Tom Brady played.
It seats 18,000! Wonder if they fill that up.
Holy cats. That is really something. I wish that New Orleans Saints allowed their players to interact with players. Such a weird rule. Well it was so lovely talking with you today.
Seems like the NFL is filled with weird rules. Nice talking to you today!
Bye!
Do you like football?
Yea, my favorite team is the Giants but I follow all 32 nfl teams to a degree
I'm not too into football. Maybe because there are only about 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
For 11 minutes of live gameplay the NFL sure has a lot of injuries
You are right! It's amazing how much football has developed in popularity. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
Yea, football is so popular espn won an emmy for creating the yellow first down line
And there are even tracking chips in footballs and shoulder pads
I wonder what the NFL does with all the data from those embedded chips, hopefully they use it for player safety
Yeah, hope so. There is so much competition in football to become a football player. Maybe more people should aim to be engineers instead. Over a lifetime their average earnings are higher.
Yea or they could study harder in school like Alex Smith did, he started college as a junior
Yeah I like that he had a backup plan. Benjarvus Green-Ellis seems like he has always been sureof himself. He has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
That is pretty impressive. I wonder if there will be any female players in the NFL since there is no rule banning them
Yeah, I have heard there is an up and coming woman kicker. But in other ways the NFL seems sexist, like how Saints cheerleaders must leave an establishment even if they are already eating, if Saints players come in.
Yea that is a messed up rule, I wonder what would happen if the Saints had female players on their team
Yeah, hopefully this changes.
Did you know that Baker Mayfield considered quitting football to professionally play video games?
That seems kind of crazy but professional gaming can be lucrative as well.
Yea and less injuries playing Halo 3 than professional football
Right? It's surprising that Tom Brady kept believing in himself and not giving up and going to a different profession. When he was in high school his team refused to start him even though they had a terrible season.
Yea, I disagree with Tom Brady's JV coach's decision to not switch qbs after failing to score a touchdown all season
Yeah and now he is a four time super bowl champion. I'd be embarrassed if I were his HS coach!
Nick Foles is a good players and the Eagles are lucky to have him
I think so too, but they under utilize him in the regular season and that puts too much on Wentz. 
They should start using him more, he has had a lot of brilliant moment on the league, they should exploit that
Absolutely. I understand that his track record when he was their starter was shaky, he has a 64% rating, but if they rotated him and Wentz he would get more chances to play and increase his skill level. 
I guess he let down a lot of fans, Wentz was the second overall pick in t he 2016 draft right?
He was 2nd in that draft. But they could still be favorites they just have to prepare Foles for Atlanta. 
Seems like do you like the NFL a lot, any favorite teams?
I am a pretty big football fan in general. I am a Pittsburgh Steeler fan. Ben Roethlisberger has the most wins of any quarterback... in Cleveland! 
I am a fan of the Patriots, Steelers have a rich history, how are they doing lately?
This season could have been better. We were playing really well and at the top of the Division but started losing to teams we should have easily beat. Patriots? Have you ever been to a game?
No, never, cant afford tickets so maybe one day, seems like a bit of a scam when there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay
I know they are really expensive, but I hear it is a nice stadium. Not big though. No NFL stadiums are really that large which is odd. 
Have you been to a steelers game before? and yeah stadiums are really big, the cost a lot too
I have not. I live across the state so it would be an expensive weekend. I do go to Penn State games though. Ironically, they have the 2nd largest stadium in the country and their tickets are far less expensive than the NFL.
I like college football, its a good thing you can get them for a good price.
It makes me happy to be able to go to games. There is a big difference between live and watching on tv. I also went to the school with I believe the 2nd largest high school stadium in the country, after the Allen, Texas stadium. 
It is, games are more exiting, I am glad football exists, I wish I could afford to go to the Super bowl maybe one day I can and maybe the Pats will be playing that day,
Well you have had a lot of luck with them going these last few years! I hope to go to the Super bowl someday too. Until then I guess I will stick to college games and try to get to Pittsburgh! 
Maybe they will play the Super bowl against each other and we will be on opposing sides! if thats the case may the best team win with no hard feelings
That can't happen, they are in the same league. The most we can see them play each other is during the regular season and in playoffs. And yes, no hard feelings! They are two of the best franchises in the sport!
Oh I see, well in regular season then either way I hope you have a good night, bye
Hello!
hey how are you do you like NFL quarterbacks
I do like NFL quarterbacks!
me too I like Kellan Moore have you heard of him?
I have heard of him, Is he a quarterback?
he is and he is the only left handed quarterback, I think it gives him an advantage
Oh, wow. Definitely interesting! I find it funny that pro bowlers used to make twice the pay as football stars!
that is funny, also weird that there are only 2 black quarterbacks that won the superbowl overall
Wow, that is interesting! have you ever heard of Al Michaels?
I have didn't he lose a bunch of weight recently?
I am not sure, but he is well known for his on air gambling references between football teams
oh I didn't know that, well do you like Snoop Dogg at all?
I do like Snoop, didn't he write a fight song for his sons HS football team....
ya  he did, I like his music, did you know the top paid employees of the DOD are three football coaches, seems like a waste of money
Wow, I agree! So something surprising I read is that in a football game...there's actually only 11 minutes of live play...
ya that is surprising, did you hear a football stadium in texas cost 60 mil, and that it was for a highschool?!
Seriously! that's strange! Have you heard of Alex Smith?
I think so, hes like a genius right? kinda like the guy who created the NFL's tracking chips
Yeah, he is smart and was the 1st overall pick in the 05 NFL draft.....good thing he took the football path!
ya I agree! but ya the tracking chips can track the speed and rotation of the ball, kind of crazy! I bet they get some cool stats
I bet they do too! Great invention! Too bad they didn't have that technology back in 1916 when that football game was played where Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222 to 0!
haha that could have turned the tide! we've come a long way since then though, but still a huge american flag costs $50,000 now that is insane
Hi, do you like football?
I don't not like football...I go to college games and I'll watch it when my husband is watching.  Do you like football?
That's good. Yes, I love football. Did you know Iowa painted their opposing team locker room pink?
I have heard that...it's funny!  I guess it was a power play for them?  Do you know that the highest scoring game ever was 222-0?
Wow, that's a very high scoring game. Do you know what teams were in that game?
Yeah, it was Georgia Tech to Cumberland, back in 1916.  That was probably the most boring game to ever watch!
That would have been terrible to be on Cumberland's team. How depressing.
Depressing and embarrassing! 
For sure. The 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.
Wow, that's something!  I wonder what those stats are now...football stars probably make 5x what top bowlers make!!
I wonder as well. Green-Ellis who is a running back never fumbled his entire NFL career.
With stats like that I hope he was the highest payed running back!  Did you realize Emmy's could be given to sports channels? 
Wow I had no idea. Which sports channel received an Emmy?
ESPN won an Emmy for superimposing the yellow first down line onto the games!
Very cool. Do you watch ESPN?
I don't, we only have streaming services.  Do you watch ESPN?
I don't watch it too often. Do you like the NFL?
I don't have a favorite team, but my husband likes the Cowboys.  Did you know that women could play in the NFL?  They'd have to meet the league's eligibility requirements...but they could do it!
I bet they could do it too. I could see them being a kicker or something like that.
Yeah, maybe!  I wonder what the league requirements are?  What I think about every time I watch an NFL game is that there is an average of only 11 minutes of actual gameplay.  I just think about all that time that they're doing other stuff...
I haven't heard of the league requirements. I can't believe it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay. Well, it was really good chatting with you. Take care!
Hi! Are you a football fan?
I am, what about you? 
Yes, I am.  What do you know about Lamar Jackson of the Ravens?
I don't know much, even though Baltimore is not too far. 
Well, Jackson is a former Heisman Trophy winning QB from Louisville, who the Ravens traded up to take in the first round of the draft. 
Interesting, did he set any records while in school?
He sure did. Only player in FBS history to rush for at least 1500 yds and pass for at least 3500 yds in a season, and he did that twice!
Interesting. Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for that Yellow first down marker? 
Yeah,, where would we be without it! It is almost as important to football these days as the huddle, that oh-so-familiar circling up of players around the QB to hide signal calling.
Did you know that in 60s bowlers made more than football stars? 
Where did bowlers go wrong?  Apparently the popularity of football has exceeded bowling. I wonder if some other game will pass by football as the most popular soon? Perhaps gaming? Some pretty high profile college football players have considered not going pro in lieu of starting a career in gaming!
I think it just got old. If I were a college player and could go pro, I would go pro. You are only young once. 
Yeah, but football makes you grow old more quickly than other games... If you are on the losing end of a lopsided loss, like the historic 222-0 tarring Georgia Tech gave Cumberland, you can grow old quickly...
That's true, even though there is only 11 minutes of game play. Pretty crazy, huh? 
You can beak your neck a thousand times over within that time. And the NFL will have the event recorded via tracking chips in your equipment so that they can tell how quickly the train that hit you was going...
I think they also put chips in the football as well, but I'm not entirely sure what for. Any ideas? 
To monitor speed, rotation, velocity, and location. Heck, they even monitor the location of cheerleaders in New Orleans, where they forbid them from dining in the same restaurant as any player. I wonder where they put the chips...In the pom poms?
Interesting. I think a lot of teams have that rule. Did you know that there is no written rule against female players?
Yeah, but there are minimum eligibility requirements that still need to be met, which eliminate most men...so, I wonder what percentage of the women qualify?
I think all they have to do is be good enough to play to be honest. 
Yeah, but good enough to play in the National Football League is still a pretty high bar. I hope a lady does break that glass ceiling some day, and I also hope she keeps all of her teeth!
That it is. Nice chatting with you. 
hey there, do you follow the NFL?
I try to, wish the super bowl would have been better this year, was just boring to me. 
yeah well when you think about it the game only lasts 11 minutes
That is so unbelievable to me. Apparently the NFL has had only one left handed quarterback. do you know who it is?

is that patriots green-ellis?
No that's former patriot RB Benjarvus he never fumbled the ball in his career. 
oh ok. was it kellan moore?
Yeah that's him, hard to believe that the nfl never produced another lefty.
yeah exactly there are so many players in there. did you know nfl is using chips on the player's padding?
For what? they are taking technology to far.
i think they record hits and their running to maybe work on better helmets and stuff
Just another way to spend money. Did you know that in the 60's top bowler made more than top nfl players?
that is crazy. good thing they make more now to make a decent living
Speaking of football the Iowa state universities visiting locker rooms are painted pink.
I wonder if there is a reason for that. did you know espn won an emmy?
Espn, yeah didn't it have something to do with first downs?
I think it was because the creation of the virtual superimposed yellow line
Oh yeah that's right made things easier if you were watching from home. 220-0 was the highest scoring game in college football. 
what a win and a loss for the other team too
No that was the final score, i believe it was in 1916. do you know the teams?
What a difference. nice chatting with you
The Raiders are having some terrible luck.
Yeah! Do you agree that Khalil Mack is the Raiders' best player? If you watch football, that is.
Yes I agree, I hope he stays healthy.
What happened to him?
He hurt his ankle back in November after the Raiders traded him to the bears. I think they should of paid him what he was asking for.
Oh yeah that's right! I think so too, his playing style and speed makes his $100 million paycheck justified.
Yes, I do not see the Raiders getting better any time soon.
Yeah, true that! I had no idea that tracking chips were used by the NFL and embedded in shoulder pads to record every move on the field!
Thats very interesting, I knew they wore microphones but I did not know about that. Did you know the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live play?
That's it?! Then why are these games taking up my entire afternoon and evenings!
Commercials I would imagine, It is a business.
Oh, yeah! There's only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL! I wonder if defensive plays accommodate that fact.
I am sure they have special plays for him. Woman are allowed to play if they were to make it physically!
Oh wow! Has any woman ever played in the NFL?
I do not believe so but I do not new orleans saints cheerleaders can not dine at the same restaurant as players!
Do you know why that is?
I do not I would imagine they do not want them interacting on a personal level.
I can't recall any cheerleaders who have ended up dating a football player on the same team. The giant flags at football stadiums weigh over 1000 pounds!
That is heavy, I would imagine dating the cheerleaders happens a lot. It is probably just frowned upon.
The atmosphere is susceptible to that since they travel together and are in the same environment a lot. 
Yes, Great chatting with you I must run.
great chatting with you!
Have a good day.
Hi, What do you think about this NHL rule?
Do you mean the NFL rule?
Yes of course, I think that the committee of this organization is aimed at very powerful people
They do have a lot of influence, I agree.
If in reality they control the rules of the games and other people we can only observe and express their opinion
It doesn't sound like that big of a rule change to me
Soccer has hard punches, it is not a physical game nor is it for the weak of the heart. I think this statement is very true
I don't think hard punches are allowed in soccer
Of course they do it, for you I have practiced it and it is very rude, you have played them ever
Well it should be called as a foul in soccer. If a ref saw you doing a hard punch to an opponent, you would be sent off.
Yes, there are faults that the referee does not see clearly
I think that some people who watch NFL don't want too many changes.
If so, others will change if they want innovation. What do you think of the University of Iowa that give uniforms to visiting teams?
I did not know about that, why do they do it?
I meant to say that they painted the uniforms of the pink opponents, that was in the decade of the 60s
I don't think that is sportsmanlike!
If I think it goes against the morale of athletes, thank God those times will change
Yes it would be humiliating. I don't think anyone would stand for it today.
Sure. You think of Paul Hubbard, a field marshal who was deaf
That is impressive. Maybe heard too many guns going off?
I do not think that for that reason I suffer from that condition. But what is important is that in the NFL allow to play this type of people
I don't think it is a problem if a player is deaf.
Thanks for sharing your comments with me
thank you also!
Are you interested about football and the NFL?
Yes I am! Are you?
I'm not too big a fan, but I have decent knowledge around it.
Same I'm not too big of a fan, yet I'm highly interested. Such as, how is it okay to have the name redskins? That's terribly racist. I thought we were "advancing as a species!" 
Well of the 32 teams, its only 1 team that has a racist name. Although that still isn't okay, I believe they will change it if asked to.
I sure hope so! So, I heard that the only left handed quarterback in the NFL is Kellan Moore. I wonder why there's so few left handed people in NFL.
Well, there are also no women in the NFL, even though they don't have a rule against it.
Really? That's extremely intriguing! I do know that the New Orleans Saints Cheerleaders are forbidden to eat in a restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already eating and any NFL player comes in, the cheerleaders have to get up and leave!
There are lots of interesting facts that go on behind the scenes, like the fact they use tracking chips on players and the footballs.
Oh yeah! To track velocity, rotation, speed, etc. That's pretty smart of them!
They also tracked the players movements and stuff, maybe that's where they get all the stats from.
Oh yeah. I'm terrible at math so I think it's a good thing they have something like that in place. I'd imagine it would be impossible to track otherwise!
Another weird fact is that in 1960, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
Interesting! I can imagine that's not the case, these days! Former Patriot's Running Back Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his entire NFL career!
I wonder how? That sounds good when compared to the fact that people think Alex Smith can't carry the Redskins.
Yeah it's quite a record to hold for Benjarvus! I just found out there is a such thing as Gaelic Football. How neat!
There are a lot of different kinds of football. Rugby, Soccer, Australian football are some of them.
Yeah, it gets a little bit confusing, considering I call soccer, soccer! The highest score ever in a football game was in 1916, when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0!
That's very interesting, sounds like Cumberland suffered a huge loss. Anyways, it was nice talking to you!
Yeah! Huge loss! It was very nice talking to you as well! Have a nice day and goodbye!
goodbye!
Hi there how are you? Do you like the National Football League?
Hi! I am not a huge fan, especially with the ways some of the teams treat their cheerleaders. Like the Saints, the cheerleaders are not permitted to eat at the same restaurant as the players, and have to get up and leave if a player comes in.
I don't like that rule. It seems very outdated and stupid personally, I think that the cheerleaders should sue
They probably have some sort of weird NDA. I'm waiting for a woman to be drafted, maybe then things will change.
Yes I think we'll see that in our lifetime. I think that a woman would make a good kicker or something like that
I do too, especially since so many girls play soccer. It's so weird to think that other countries call soccer 'football".
I agree with you. Kind of crazy, the average NFL game only has about 11 minutes of gameplay that seems really low to me
That does seem low. Football is weird though, I still cannot believe ESPN  won an  Emmy for creating those superimposed yellow lines.
No but that is a great invention! Also crazy that the NFL develop those tracking ships that they shoulder pads. Have you heard about those?
I have, some of the high schools are starting to use those. I think it's funny that the U of Iowa's visiting locker room is painted pink. My son would get dressed in the hall.
I think that would actually make me play better personally. Did you know back in the 1960s that football stars made about half what the top Bowlers made
That is insane. Kinda like that highschool coach who refused to put Tom Brady in, even though they hadn't won a game all season, or made a touchdown. 
I bet that coaches kicking himself right now. I like the Patriots. I also like the one running back was never fumble the football in his entire career
I bet he is too. I'm thankful for the coach who wouldn't let Baker Mayfield quit, to become a pro gamer. That's crazy too.
Haha yeah he made the right decision. I was also really good at Halo 3 haha. I would have liked to play him
I'm okay on that, I'm a Fallout fan. I thought all NFL players were millionaires. It's weird that an engineer earns more than they do.
Oh I like Fallout a lot too. That is crazy with the pay as well. Do you know how the football huddle was started?
Wasn't it due to a player being deaf?
Yes he was deaf. He use the Huddle to cover up his hand sign so that the other team couldn't see it
That was smart of him. I finally saw Colin Kaepernick's Nike ad. It was interesting.
I have not seen that. I wish I could have seen the highest scoring football game ever. I guess that it was 222 to 0 haha
Hello, Do you like football?
Not really. I watch it because my kids do. I was not impressed that ESPN won an emmy for those superimposed lines.
Oh really, I know my family loves football and goes to the games. I didn't realize there is only 11 minutes of live game play. But it makes sense.
I think its hilarious that the top bowlers in the 60's made more than football players.
I know, right!  Thinking the visiting teams don't like the pink locker rooms at the University of Iowa.
That is just dumb, lol. Is it true that the highest score ever was 222-0? Makes you wonder why the coaches didn't stop the game.
I was thinking the same. Why sit there that long never getting ahead. But that was 1916.
Was that Georgia Tech?
Yeah, They need to change that rule that the cheerleaders have to leave the restaurant if a NFL player comes in. 
I agree. Baker Mayfield almost didn't become a Brown's player. He wanted to become a competitive player.
Really, They must feel there's too much togetherness in the same restaurant. lol
I think it's archaic and insulting. Especially since they have to get up and leave, even if they haven't finished their meal.
Omg! yes....At least have a plan before you got to the restaurant to prevent it. 
Alex Smith entered college as a Junior. That's awesome he was able to take so many AP tests in high school.
Agree, he's smart too! Didn't know a deaf quarterback created the circular huddle. Those hand signals.
That is interesting. What do you think of the tracking chips in the balls? Seriously, those should have been used on "deflate gate".
You're right! and the shoulder pads. Great for tracking. I thought there was more than just one left handed quarterback.
I wouldn't know. I only follow Baker Mayfield, as I too am good at Halo 3
lol, really! Yeah, understand that! Have a nice night! Good chat!!
Thanks, you too
Enjoy playing Halo!!
hey there, do you like the nfl?
Hey, I like and pay some attention. How about you? Do you watch NFL?
yeah from time to time mainly superbowl. i mean it is only 11 minutes of actual game
It's very surprising about 11 minutes. Have you ever been on stadium?
No I just watch it from the tv. how about you?
I also just watch. Did you know that the NFL has no any written restrictions against female players, but they have to meet some requirements. I'm wondering what kind of requirements it could be
I tihink as long as they can pass the test like male players do they can play. I am not sure though
I also know that NFL player makes less that an engineer if we check lifelong time. It's something I also didn't know.
Yeah you think they get paid a lot but they do not really
It's just surprising, because there lot of money in this industry. Really really a lot
yeah . did you know about that rule of cheerleaders for the saints not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players?
It sounds really weird. What if they already here with friends, family, etc? Just stupid rule. It doesn't make sense for me.
me either so strange. did you know university of iowa locker room is pink?
No, I didn't know. I didn't know that the highest score in history of football was 222-0, but long time ago. Did you know that?
No that must have been a really terrible loss. who was playing?
Georgia Tech against Cumberland. Georgia won
wow good for them what a win. do you have a favorite player position in the nfl?
Not really. I guess every position has some interesting aspects. But I know a lot of people like quarterback
yeah that is for sure. do you know alex smith?
Yes, I know something, but not a lot. Do you know something interesting about him?
he graduated in two years from college. it was nice chatting with you
Hello!  Are you getting as excited for the NFL playoffs as I am?
I am, who are you a fan of?
I know that a lot of people don't like them, but probably the New England Patriots.   Speaking of the Pats, Tom Brady wasn't even put in as QB on his JV team in HS that lost all of their games!
That is kinda crazy, Alex Smith entered college as a junior and got his bachelors in 2 years, made his college qb career short.
That is pretty amazing.  I think he still had some eligibility, but to think of graduating in two years!  Or you could be like Baker Mayfield who almost became a full-time gamer!
Makes you think some people are just good at everything. Did you know that there was once a deaf quarterback?
There was a deaf defensive lineman at Nebraska, but didn't know about a quarterback. How did he communicate with his teammates?
He used hand signals, that is where the huddle originated, to prevent others from seeing his signals.
That is really interesting.  As the leader of the team, I bet that really helped get everyone in sync!
Right! Interesting fact, there has only been one left handed QB in the NFL, Kellan Moore. I wonder why that is.
I think he is the only one right now.  I am pretty sure there were others, but maybe there just aren't a lot of great ones coming out of college?
That would make more sense. Soeaking of college football, here in Iowa we have the visiting teams locker room painted pink.
I am actually in Nebraska so I knew about our rivals' pink locker room.  It's amazing what teams will due to get an edge.
Isn't it. Hey you mentioned liking the Patriots, I can't believe that Green-Ellis has never fumbled the ball in his entire career, that is amazing.
It's pretty much unheard of.  To think if it was the 1960s these players would be making less than top bowlers.
Bowlers make nothing compared to NFL players. But their careers are usually so short and they certainly make the teams money.
They really invest in these players, but you are correct.  The average earnings of an engineer over his life is more than an NFL player.
Really weird to think of it that way. I think Antonio Brown may have shortened his career a lot after this weekend.
He's an elite player, but obviously has some real issues with Tomlin and the Steelers.  
You know your football. I hope that he finds a home where he is comfortable. Steelers are out now anyhow, guess I'll watch hockey.
Hockey is fun too and I usually wish I watched it more.  Have a good one!
Do you pay attention to the NFL playoffs at all?
Yes I do.
Which of the teams were you rooting for this year? I watched a few of the games, and there was a lot of potential in a lot of the teams that makes me want to keep my eye out for them next season
I thought the Rams were a good contender and also the Kansas City Chiefs.  I think it all boils down to what quarterback has a good passer rating.
True! It definitely would have been interesting had it been the Chiefs against the Rams. The QB is key in those games though
I know what you mean. Take Andrew Luck for example.  He's the quarterback for the Colts and he's the 10th most valuable passer of the year.
I wonder if the fact that Kellan Moore is the only lefty NFL QB affects how the team has been doing the past few years
Could be, then again perhaps not.  There has been a deaf quarterback back in the day. He's the whole reason the teams get into huddles.
I wonder how well that team did overall. He seems like the kind of guy who could adjust well to the circumstances around him
Yes he does and the team with him. They figured out that by huddling they could keep opponents from reading his hand signals.
Some football players are smart like that. For instance, Alex Smith was working on his master's degree by the time he was in the NFL draft because he started college as a junior
He started college as a junior?  I guess he was really working in high school not just on football but on education too.
I guess if you take all the AP classes while in high school, college can be shortened by two years. He must have been a good player too to be the first overall pick in 2005
Speaking of good players, have you heard of baker mayfield?  Not only is he a great quarterback but also a great gamer.  He thought about going professional on video game competitions.
Football probably pays more though, and gaming is a good Plan B if the NFL route doesn't work out
That's true.  Football pays good now but in the 1960s bowlers made more than players.
Do professional bowlers still make money nowadays? It seems that ESPN has changed the popularity of football, especially with that first down line they invented that made it easier to viewers to keep track of the game
It definitely does. I think it adds to the excitement too because you know just how far they have to go to get their first down.
It was a good enough invention to win an Emmy. Sometimes it's the simple things that make a difference
That's true lol!  Do you watch any college football?  They had the highest scoring game ever.
I don't, but wasn't it back when Georgia Tech played Cumberland in 1916?
It was, georgia tech scored 222 unanswered points!
I feel bad for the guys on Cumberland's team. At some point they must have given up
Good Evening!
Good evening, I can not believe that the Bengal line backer has not been suspended for the late hit on Antonio Brown during the Pitsburgh's win Sunday! 
Strange that the Super Bowl is now over and the Burfict issue comes out again.  He played college ball out here and was just as volatile as he is now - probably will get kicked out of the league soon.
Yeah, I agree it is too bad that the Burfit issue is arising again. It was a little childish of him to lie and accuse Smith Schuster of spitting on them  
He's a menace and a liability for the NFL who are trying the move away from the dirty players and appeal more to Mom's who don't want their kids to play because it's too violent 
Yeah I agree, it is too bad that it is appealing more to mom's who do not want their children to play football due to the violent nature of the sport that is promoted on social media. It is interesting to note that there has been discussion about how the NFL should possible consider increasing rules about hitting players that are not quarterbacks. 
Yeah, they're stuck in a tight spot and if you make the game safer and less violent, they may lose fans.  But if you don't have kids playing football anymore, they wont grow up to be NFL players - their talent pool dries up!
I agree, we need kids to playing football and they need good role modles to teach them how good sportsmanship! I would also love to see more females players on the football team because technicallywomen are allowed to play on the team as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements. 
Interesting point about women, I didn't think about that angle.  I know some women have been college kickers and had aspirations to play professionally
Yeah, I think it is really too bad that they are not considering female athletes who are just as capable as men in the sport. Young female youth need more female athletes as their role models that they can aspire to be like. 
Totally agree, I have two daughters and love the role models they have in Soccer and Basketball now.  It would blow their minds to see a woman on the football field.  I think it's great that they have female refs/officials in the NFL & NBA
I agree, having female refs/officials in NFL & NBA is a great start, but I definitely would love to see more athletes. Another interesting fact is that the Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink.
What?  That's pretty sexist and demeaning  regardless the sport.  I would think that will be repainted soon in today's climate - I don't like it!
Really? I kind of disagree, because I think it is a smart strategy that they use in order to give themselves an advantage during the game. Therefore, from a game point perspective painting your opposing team's locker room pink is a great move! 
Interesting point - any advantage a home team can get over their opponent.  I was thinking it may be antiquated in today's PC climate.
That is a very good point, it would really be interesting to see data about how the opposing team is impacted. For example, maybe they could analyze the tracking chips found on the shoulder pads to record a player's every move on the field. 
Ii would think there would need to be a psychological measurement of the affect of the pink walls.  I've heard about the chips in the padding and I wonder why they don't put chips in the ball to indicate if a ball breaks the plain of the endzone or sideline? 
Apparently they do use the tracking devices inside footballs to track the ball's velocity, rotation, ball speed and location. I guess they do not advertise that as much during official games though. 
Fascinating how technologically advanced the game is in some aspects, but antiquated in officiating where they missed 3 penalties on one play in that Saints-Rams game!
Yeah I can't believe that they missed that even though the technology has become so advanced. You would expect them to track all this data especially when there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay. 
That stat has always baffled me - 11 min of action.  So much downtime and wasted time!
I agree, that would explain why the Superbowl commercials are so popular. It is because most of the game is just watching advertisements, with only 11 minutes of real live action.
Super bowl commercials were so-so this year.  The Burger King / Andy Warhol one was the most memorable one for the wrong reasons!
I did not watch the super bowl commercials this year, but heard that they were very boring. A lot of my friends told me it sucked this year and was a waste of time to watch
Overall your friends are correct.  I wasn't a fan of either team and watched it with friends, beers, food, good times - terrible game!
That's disappointing to hear, hopefully next year it will be a better game!
Maybe - but I wouldn't be surprised if it was the Patriots again... winning... boring as it might be
Yeah, they are a tough team to beat. Maybe one player will decide to quit like Baker Mayfield did in order to pursue a full-time competitive career in gaming. That may give he other teams a chance to make it to the super bowl! 
I had no idea that Mayfield wanted to quit football and be a pro gamer - where would the Browns be without him!?!?!
I agree, in fact Mayfield even boasts that he can beat anyone at the game of Halo 3 if they played against him in 1 on 1 game
That's crazy, even though I have not idea about Halo 3, he's a pretty good QB
Yeah, I agree, he has been a great quarterback since he was at the university of Oklahoma. 
He's great.  Hey, it's been awesome chatting with you!
Yeah, he is, I would also love to see more left anded quarterbacks. I fins it fascinating that Kellan Moore is the only one on the NFL who is left handed
I'm not sure I know who Kellan Moore plays for!?!?!
Good afternoon. Do you like the NFL?
hi how are you? i sometimes watch the NFL. You?
Yes I usually watch every Sunday although I didn't watch all 17 regular season games this year.
I didnt get a chance to watch this year. i heard the game was a bit slow.
Yes it was. The Super Bowl that is. Did you know there's only actually 11 minutes of life gameplay?
i heard that. it seems too little for so much money. i guess there is alot of time for commercials.
Yes I very much dislike commercials. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against female players?
I cant imagine a woman playing in a game with such big guys. seems dangerous.
Yes it seems very dangerous. Cheerleading isn't dangerous though. Although the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player.
that rules is outdated and sexist. it must be from long ago.
Yes it really is. It needs to be changed! The average lifetime earnings of engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
I would feel more comfortable if women had careers with  less physical risk, like engineering. Less chance for concussions as well.
Yes absolutely. It is a tough game. I'm glad they get paid so much but in the past professional bowlers made twice as much!
That was a golden age for bowling. that will never return. i guess i was born late LOL
You a big bowler? I think it's a fun sport. Former NFL running back Green-Ellis never once fumbled the football! I wonder if he is good at bowling?
He probably would have trouble letting go of the ball! LOL
Ha ha yes good point. You know that circular huddle? That was started by a deaf quarterback.
a deaf quarterback? why would he need a circular huddle?
Good question. So the other team cannot read his hand signals. It was really lovely chatting with you today.
That makes sense. I guess he would need to do that. I enjoyed chatting too.
Have a good one!
hi, do you watch football?
Yes I do, I follow the NFL closely what about you?
from time to time. did you ewatch the superbowl?
I did watched the Superbowl my favorite team was playing, did you watch it? did anything special for the game?
we had a party so that was enjoyable. did you know women can play?
They can play? thats new for me, you know players have chips in their shoulders!
yeah that is so cool, can collect lots of statistics
I agree, it is cool, cool how tech can be implemented to a game, footballs also have tracking chips and you can learn all kinds of interesting stats out of them. 
yeah. did you know engineers earn more than football players
I didnt, football players earn a lot of money so thats hard to believe I guess engineers also make a lot of money
yeah they do and I find that really fair actually
I think its fair as well afterall engineers study for a long time, its fair like ESPN winning an emmy for the yellow line that represents first down on football
yeah I guess. do you know the highest score of a football game?
I dont, whats the highest score in a football game?
222-0, that was a crazy win and loss for the other team
Wow, that is a ridiculous win 222-0, what team was bad enough to lose by that score?
georgia tech beat the cumberlands, what a win
I agree, did Cumberland retire from football after that defeat? I know I would lol
must have, I have no idea really?
I see, well did you ever watched Benjarvus Green Ellis play?
no but i know he never fumbled a football. nice chat
hey there, do you watch the nfl?
I do. Some call it the National Football League. I call it the Never Football League, since they only actually play a few minutes in each game.
I know only 11 minutes of play time yet we are glued to the tv for so long watching those 11 minutes
Over 17 weeks, that means one team only plays 189 minutes per year. And if you are a punter, maybe 3 minutes? 
something like that. did you know women can actually play if they want
Like any sane woman would want that?  You know they televise the players age and weight every week?
I think it is more about the violence in the sport. It is a dangerous sport really
Yes it is. They put tracking chips in the helmets so that they can tell the spouses the precise velocity of the helmet that caused the concussion.
yeah the technology even for sports has come a really long way now
Yeah, they monitor the speed of the football, the location of every player, and whether cheerleaders are in the same retaurant as the players...a no-no if you are a Saint!
I find that really strange and they even have to leave mid-meal if the players walk in
I hope they at least get a doggie bag!  Bowlers don't have to put up with such rules! You know, back in the day, bowlers made more money than NFL players, but that was years ago...
yeah that is interesting too. speaking of football, espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line
A virtual line. That means they got an Emmy for nothing. The players do all the work and they get recognized for imaginary lines.
I know right? do you have a favorite player position in nfl?
Depends on the team. 32 teams and they all play the game a little diferent. On a running-centric team, I admire the tailback and fullback positions, as well as the offensive linemen. On a throwing team, the QB is often the most admired. How about you?
yeah i am going to go witht he quarterback too. did you know brady was never put in the game in high school
Wow. Epic fail for that coach. You know, Brady's fellow teammate, Ellis-Green, never fumbled the ball even once during his entire career as a running back with the Patriots?  That is admirable!
I know that is. do you know alex smith?
Smart dude! He had earned so many AP credits in HS that the college took him as a Junior. Now he uses his brain in the huddle as QB in the NFL...
Good for him talent and brains. nice chatting with you
Hello there, are you an NFL fan?
I am! I like how Ben Roethlisberger has the most franchise wins for the Browns and he plays for the Steelers lol. Are you?
Yeah big Ben sure has dominated the Browns his whole career.  I am a fan yeah but mostly of my fav team. 
Who is your favorite team? Mine is the Vikings!
Nice!  Mine is the Packers so we have had our fair share of good games. 
I agree! I remember when Brad Johnson played for the Vikings. He is the only quarterback to throw a touchdown pass to himself!
Yeah I remember that!  I was a big Brett Favre fan myself, he had some good games for your Vikings. 
Even better days with the Packers haha. I do like watching college too. Can you believe 14 of the world's 25 biggest stadiums are for college teams?
That is pretty crazy, did you know the visitors locker room at Iowa is pink?
Yes I've actually been in it! Very cool and funny at the same time. It's not as cool as that high school stadium in Allen Texas that cost 60 million dollars to build!
Holy crap that is just insane!  I don't think other colleges or high schools around the world have such big stadiums.
Makes you wonder if they could have spent it elsewhere, or even if they are good haha. I can't believe Matt Patricia was a rocket scientist before the NFL!
Wow that is very interesting, rocket scientist to football, what a switch!
You would think he would get bored coaching at that point haha. I also can't believe there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.
That is a crazy fact about the NFL, do you know the story behind the invention of the huddle?
Wasn't it formed because of a deaf quarterback? I forget his name though!
Paul d. Hubbard, yeah good call!  I think that is probably the coolest fact about football. 
I wonder if they ran around to each player to give them the play back then haha. Do you know how they stretch the flag across the field every game?
Yeah thats a good question lol.  I'm not sure, do you know?
With a lot of people haha. It weights 1100 pounds and cost 50000 to make!
Holy crap!  Well it's been fun and interesting talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
hi, do you watch football?
Yes I do, what about you? do you like it? follow it?
sometimes. did you know women can play?
I didn't but I guess I'm not suprised because it makes sense that people might be concerned for a woman's safety in football. It's amazing how much we spend on stadiums
that is true. do you know how much game play there is in a game?
I dont know, maybe 40 minutes I guess 5 minutes arent really gameplay but ads.
yeah that is for sure, lots of downtime there
Yeah, there is a lot of wasted time in games, its unbelievable how much the flags at football stadiums weight!
for sure. do you know abot that rule for new orleans cheerleaders?
No, what rule do they have concerning cheerleaders?
they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
That is really unfair, that rule should be eliminated and the team should receive a fine for even having a rule like that, it makes me so angry!
me too it is so sexist. the worst is they have to leave mid meal too
I agree, so do you know who Kellan Moore is?
is that the only quarterback that is left handed?
He is, the only left handed of the league, Brad Johson is another curious character, how did he manage to give himself a touchdown pass lol
I would really like to see that, how he did i
I wonder if the video is available at YouTube, another interesting fact is that only two african american quarterbacks have actually won the Superbowl
yeah that is curious for sure. there are so many players of color
Yeah Dough Williams and Rrussel Wilson apparently both of them played against The Broncos, theres another interesting fact about Rusell, want to know more about him?
sure what else do you know?
Ok so he is still under a MLB contract even though he has not played in regular season since 2011 and even got traded in 2018
Do you like football?
hey there, yes I do I like Kellan Moore espeically
I hear he is the only left handed QB in the NFL. 
yup thats true, I think it give him an advantage, do you know the history of the circular huddle?
No, what is it? 
it was a deaf quarterback, he'd use it to cover up his signing from teh opposite team
Interesting, so they had to hide the hand signals?
yup exactly, did you hear that Baker Mayfield was almost a professinoal gamer instead of a quarterback?
No, I wonder how much he would have made? It can pay fairly well. 
ya I agree, did you know how popular bowling was in the 60's?
It was so popular that bowlers made more than football players. 
yup twice as much, do you like the patriots? they have a player who has never fumbled
I'm not a fan, I don't hate them, but they aren't my team. 
what do you think about the highest scoring football game of all time? the score was 222-0 thats crazy
I can't believe it, given that the average game only has 11 minutes of gameplay. 
thats true, that seems so low though, kind of like the lifetime earnings of an nfl player compared to an engineer
I'm not surprised, engineers can make a lot and bad football players make very little. 
that is true, what do you think of the strange rules with the Saints cheerleaders and players?
I think that rule, while strange is pretty common, they have it for my home team too. 
oh
Well nice chatting with you!
Well, hello there! How's it going? Ready to chat? Do you like that there football?
Hi there, yes I do like football. Did you know women can play in NFL too?
I've heard as much. But will the day ever come? 
I am not sure actually, we will have to see. I mean all they have to do is play for 11 minutes
11 minutes of action. Years of training. Maybe women could be kickers or something. Maybe men could be cheerleaders too.
Yeah why not. Did you know engineers actually earn more over the lifetime than football players?
Engineers are in demand! Women should become engineers, not football players! Fewer concussions.
Yeah and better pay it seems. I guess it makes sense since the career of a football player is shorter too
The career is short and dangerous. Hard to be an engineer when your brain is broke. What do you think of U of Iowa's little trick?
Hm curious about it. I know pink can be distracting so I wonder if that was the reason
Pink was meant to calm them down, turn them in pacifists! It didn't work as far as I can see. they didn't win no Emmy for a pink locker room.
True. What do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though for the superimposed yellow line?
That is the highlight of ESPN's career. They will never exceed that achievement. In fact, TV will never get better than that. A yellow line! Imagine! 
I know. I find it kind of strange but as well, good for them. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Is he a football player or something? 
Yeah he played for the Patriots and is the only guy to have never fumbled the ball in his career
I hope that he got a bonus for such outstanding play! Must have been tough. Everybody probably tried to get him to fumble.
Yeah, that is true. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players?
Bowlers have the ideal athletic build, that's why. Beer and pizzas and big shiny ones. That's all you needed back in the 1960s.
I guess that explains it. Do you know what the highest score in football history is?
No I don't, what is it?
It was pretty high for sure, 222-0, that is insane. Nice chat
Do you like Football?
I have never been fond of sports in general. Are you referring to gridiron foot ball, like we have in  
Yes, I am. I'm not such a fan of football either. Football has gained so much popularity in the last few decades. In the 60s, topbowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.
A current NFL player makes less in a lifetime than an engineer, But an NFL player probably works alot less years.
That's true. The football players have to learn to manage their money well for the rest of their lives. I assume that's difficult for many.
that is probably true for most sports, The engineer makes more than a MLB in their liftimes.
Following everything that goes on on the field in football is hard for me when I watch. Sometimes I wonder how scoring can be objective. It's interesting to know that players and footballs have tracking chips.
Having the yellow line for the first down makes it easier to watch.  
Yes, you're right about that. It's interesting that ESPN won an emmy for creating that!
The technology makes it more fun and easier to follow.  I wonder what they use the the chips in foot balls and shoulderpads to do.
The shoulder pad chips record the players every move and the footballs have tracking for velocity, ball speed, rotation and location. Technology is neat!
they spend lots of effort to track stuff in the 11 minute or so of live game play.
Right, it is crazy how little game play there actually is. Maybe that's part of the reason I do not like football.
The quarterback touches the football for most offensive plays, but that doesn't mean the other players have much contact with the ball in the 11 minutes.
There is a lot of pressure on being a quarterback. I guess that's why they are paid more.
It was a deaf quarterback who invented the circular huddle, so the other team couldnt read his signals.
That's interesting to know and cool that they continue to use this method.
Most quarterbacks are right handed, there is only one leftie currently in the NFL.
Interesting. I wonder why that is. Do you think that pep talks help lead into victory? Swearinger of the Redskins certainly does. His teammates say he is a fire starter and a maniac but it seems to help them win.
Usuaal calling a person "Crazy" and a "Fire starter" are not compliments but his teammate used those phrases as a compliment.
Right. It's fun to see how passionate some NFL players are about their game.
Are you a football fan?
Some what but i don't get to watch it anymore like i use to.
I hear that.  Out of the 32 teams do you have a favorite?  I'm a Steelers fan.
I was Green bay when i watched. They have 16 weeks of game play and each team gets a week off. 
Nice.  I like how Green Bay is owned by the community.  The NFL has no written rule against female players.  Maybe one day we'll see one on the field.  Maybe as a kicker?
That's possible although im surprised we haven't already. Personally i think they should have their own league like the wnba.
They did at one time.  I used to watch it a few years ago but it seemed like it was more for show.  They wore shoulder pads but at the same time they were wearing shorts to show off their legs.  Can't remember the league name.  Did you know that there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay in an average NFL game?
I did know that and it is hard to believe. The tracking chips are also in the footballs as well as the shoulder pads. 
Seems like they are getting way too deep analyzing the game.  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line?
I did and that line brought me great joy, lol. The super bowl is usually played the first week of February. 
Yes. I look forward to the Super bowl every year.  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
I do not. Was it a college or pro game?
It was a college game in 1916.  Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0.  Talk about a blowout.
Wow, i would have not wanted to be on that bus ride home and sure it was the longest ride ever. You know that the Iowa universities visiting locker room is painted pink? 
lol yes. They must have did that to try to mess with the opponants.  How about Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis?  He has never fumbled the ball once during his career!
Now that is an achievement! Do you know if he is in the hall of fame for that? 
I don't know.  Curious to find out though.  There is only one left handed QB in the NFL and that is Kellan Moore.  I'm not familiar with him.
Me either. did you know at one point bowlers made twice as much as top nfl players?
I didn't.  I wonder what the pay difference is now?  Did you know that the circular huddle was created by Paul Hubbard who was deaf so the other team could not read his hand signals?
Oh ok that makes sense. It was in the 60's that top bowler made twice as much. I doubt that they make any where as much as them now. 
I bet they are nowhere close. lol  Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue a full time career in competitive video game playing.  That would have been crazy.  It was nice chatting with you.
hello do you watch football??
Hey there I watch football from time to time. I watch the Super Bowl for instance. What about you. What do you like to watch?
I dont really follow football, but I watch the 49ers sometimes.  
Yeah I'm in Michigan so I mostly watched the Lions. Although they suck haha. I do like Tom Brady though. Apparently there are different variations of football. Did you know that?
Different variations?  what do you mean?
There are other variations of football such as Australian Rules, Rugby Football, or Gaelic football. I don't know how those work but they are different versions for sure
OOOh I see.  I thought u meant in american football
Haha nope. I must have misspoke maybe haha. Do you like Snoop Dogg? He made a fight song for his son's football team
I used to like some of his music, That is pretty cool of him to do that.  
Yeah it is. Would you go to a football stadium that cost $60 million to build? Even if it was for a high school?
Yeah probably just to see what it looked like.  Football generates so much money. 
Yep it does. It's also crazy that 14 of the 25 largest stadiums in the world are all American football team stadiums
That is impressive.  Although,  football is not popular all over the world so I guess that makes sense. 
No you're right. Do you know the Department of Defense? The top three most high salary employees are all football coaches somehow
Football coaches are part of the department of defense?  since when?
Yeah I know right. That's definitely a lot of taxpayer money. What about quarterbacks. Do you like any of them?
I dont know many current quarterbacks except tom brady and eli manning. 
Yep I like Tom Brady a lot. I also know there's a quarterback named Kellen Moore and he's left-handed. The only left-handed player in the league
wow thats pretty weird stat. I cant believe theres only one left handed qb in the whole nfl. 
I know right. I wonder if it gives him an advantage or not. Also weird stat, only two black quarterbacks have ever won the Super Bowl. I wonder why that is what do you think
Its been good chatting. 
Hello are you a fan of the NFL?
Not really. Football seems overly complicated to me and it doesn't seem like there's even that much playing going on in a typical game
No.  That's becasue there's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay during a game.  Who do you think makes more over their careers..an engineer or an average NFL or MLB player?
If I had to guess, I'd say an engineer. They provide valuable services to our society and sports players are trained athletes but their jobs are really to entertain us
You're right!  They make more over a lifetime.  Did you know that the NFL has no written rule prefenting female players from playing?  I wonder if we'll see one any time soon?
Really? I always assumed they did, like MLB. That's why women can only play softball -.-
I'm thinking that maybe we'll see one get in there as a kicker.  Did you know that they put tracking chips in the footballs to record data like velocity, rotation, etc?
I didn't know that, but it makes sense after "deflate-gate." I don't think we'll see a woman playing anytime soon, though.
Maybe they would like to play at the University of Iowa where they visiting locker room is painted pink.  Wonder why they did that?
Maybe to sike them out. Although maybe that backfired - if it's hot pink, that's a very stimulating color, and pale pink is very relaxing. Should have painted it orange which is off-putting
True.  I was thinking maybe for breast cancer awareness.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of that era.  
I guess people had better attention spans then and wanted to watch a slower-moving sport. People back in the day weren't too smart, though. A high school football team had a terrible season and never even thought to use their second string players - and one of those was THE Tom Brady.
Wow.  I didn't know that.  Speaking of something terrible....Cumberland must have felt like that after Georgia Tech beat them 222-0 in 1916.
I think that's called a shut-out, right? Hopefully they've recovered in the 100+ years since then lol
lol Benjarvus Green-Ellis must have been pretty good.  The former Patriots running back never fumbled the ball once during his career.  That seems impressive.
Even more impressive: ESPN won an emmy just for superimposing a yellow line on their broadcast. Must've been the early days of special effects
Yes.  Amazing how far tv graphics have come.  QB Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue competitive gaming full time.  That wouldn't have been a smart move.
Competitive gaming? Like video games? 
Yes.  Isn't that crazy?
It is. I mean, he would've sustained less brain damage had he gone that route. Long term issues from head injuries in NFL players is a huge issue
Yes. They seem like they are taking steps to address it.  I have to get running.  Loved chatting with you!  Have a great day!
Hello, do you like football?
Yea but I don't know if Alex Smith is a better qb than Kirk Cousins like coach Gruden said
hmmm I'm not sure,  I dont know kirk cousins.  
He was traded to the Minnesota Vikings, Cousins didn't really have a good season
Oh I see.  I hear alex smith took so many ap tests in high school he entered a university as a jounior. 
Yea Alex Smith is really smart, before he was drafted he started a master's degree
Thats impressive. 
Tom Brady is a pretty smart qb too, it's a shame he never got to start for his JV high school team
yeah their loss,  they might have won that season lol
Or at least score a touchdown, hopefully Jinipero Serra High fired that coach
Apparently,  there is only one left handed qb in the nfl
Yea, Kellan Moore, I actually saw him on one of the football show on espn not too long ago
Oh nice!  Does he still play?  
I really don't know if Kellan Moore still plays, I think he's just espn's only left handed football analyst 
Thats cool. Did you know in the 60's top bowlers made almost twice as much as football players?
Nope, I knew in the 60s football players weren't paid much but I didn't know bowlers made more
Kinda crazy,  considering football players pretty much risk their health every game. 
Yea and an nfl game only averages 11 minutes of live gameplay, Boxers go longer than that
Yeah 11 min over a span of 3 hours, thats really long. 
Yea, I wonder if they will ever have females player in the NFL since there are no rules against it
That would be something.  I guess if she is qualified I say let her play.  Its been great chatting,  I learned a lot. 
Do you like American football?
Oh yeah, I am a huge fan! I am a Packers fan so Aaron Rogers is my quarterback. 
Nice. Quarterbacks seem to tend to have a higher IQ than a lot of other positions, which makes sense since they are in a leadership role for the offensive team.
Yeah, that is a good point. They have to learn all of the plays for the entire team. The QB is the one guy who knows everything going on or at least is suppose to know it all.
Totally. They're responsible for calling the whole play in the huddle.
Yes, they have a lot of pressure. Ya know the NFL doesn't have a rule against female players.
Yeah, I love that. Though it's a pretty sexist industry, given the rule the Saints have with the cheerleaders.
Yeah, they can not be together or seen together. For instance if the players are somewhere that the cheerleaders are at then the cheerleaders must leave the location.
That's offensive. It sounds like women are better off becoming engineers, as they make more money over a lifetime than a professional football player.
Wow, yeah the money part of the game is wild. I know that Alex Smith is one of the great QB's who is really smart and makes a lot of money.
Does he? I would think since he got all the way to his master's degree before entering the draft, he would've lost out on some money. Ya know, if he had just entered after high school.
Yeah, that is a really good point. I agree with you. He was the overall 2005 draft pick. Baker Mayfield was the overall pick from OU last year. We love the college OU team, too.
Can you believe Mayfield once considered quitting altogether to pursue a gaming career?
What? That is crazy. I can't even imagine what his parents would have said to him. I guess college kids all like gaming. 
Right? Yeah, he says he can beat anyone at his college in Halo 3. Not sure how you can make much of a career with that!
Yea, I agree with that statement! lol. The University of Iowa painted its visitors locker room pink, another type of game, I guess.
Just another example of the sexism in collegiate and professional football, I guess. Can you believe bowlers in the 1960s made twice as much money as top football stars did?
That is a shame for sure. Not fair at all. Salary was not fair for the toll it took on the players bodies. I don't think bowling was too hard on the bowlers in  comparison. 
I'm not sure. It would be an interesting study. I know tennis players have a lot of wear and tear in their bodies from the repetitive motion... I wonder what happened to bowlers bodies over the course of 15-20 years swinging a 10 pound bowl back-and-forth. 
Hmmm, good point. The NFl has put chips into the gear in order to track things like impact and force of the hits taken. So progress is being made.
Yeah, technology is crazy.
Hi, how are you?
Pretty good, how are you?
I am well. Do you enjoy football?
I do was a little disappointed with the superbowl though. 

Really? Why? Who were you rooting for?
Well i was rooting for the rams but i would have liked to have seen a better game.
That makes sense. Who is your favorite team?
well if i had to pick between the redskins or bucks i would probably go with the skins. You?
I am from Chicago so I love the bears. Do you watch football a lot?
I never get the chance to as i am always busy. I heard that the only left handed quarterback is Kellan Moore. 
That is true, although I find it hard to believe. So if not sports, what do you do in your spare time?
Don't really have any at the moment. Did you know that there is a former patriot that has never fumbled the ball.
That's crazy. Or that the University of Iowa's visitor's locker room is painted pink.
I guess that's a psychological thing. every bit helps i guess. 
GA tech beat cumberland 222-0. I wonder if they have a pink locker room?
Wow that game was bake in 1916 right? ESPN won an award for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down. 
Seems like a low bar to win an emmy. NFL games only have 11 minutes of action.
Now that was hard to believe. almost as hard as the fact that bowler in the 60's made more than NFL players. 
yeah. Or that the NFL uses chips to track player movement.
I think that's taking it way to far. kind of like new Orleans cheerleaders having to leave a restaurant if a player comes in. 
Nice chatting with you!
Is it true Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL?
I think so! I always get him mixed up with Kellylanne Conway when I hear the name, though. Do you think NFL is watched over there at the White House?
Kellyanne Conway haha that's funny. 
Oh Jeez! Probably!  I guess the Cowboys are one happy NFL team now after the Amari Cooper trade. Have you heard about it?
I have not heard of that I've been Netflix binging lately. I had no idea alex smith was such an educated guy.
Well, it's not really big news. I guess the Cowboys are happy because the Redskins were leading but then they overtook them. I wonder if it was an epic football game?
It would be nice to see the cowboys win a championship again. I like the history behind the huddle being to help a deaf quarterback.
Yes, I remember learning about how the huddle started in school! Very smart!  I was reading that the Cowboys have so much confidence lately in the NFL that they think their defense is unstoppable.
Those are some big words thinking they are unstoppable. Can you ever imagine a game score reaching anywhere near 222-0 like the georgia tech v cumberland?
I can't imagine! The losing team must have been very embarrassed. I don't think I've ever seen an NFL or any other sports game at all with a score even close to that. Have you?
No that would be ridiculous. Everyone in management would have to be replaced.
I think one of the most famous NFL quarterbacks is Tom Brady? I remember something about a football family comprised of a Dad and two sons that's super famous, too. I think it's the Mannings.
oh yes the manning another great football name. those guys were awesome. I think one of the brothers still plays.
I remember now, one of the brothers is Eli short for Elisha Manning. Unique name. I think quite a few football players have unique names such as Jake Butt of the Broncos.
Yeah at least those were their given names and not something like Chad Ocho Cinco because of his number.
That's true! I think Amari Cooper has had many injuries in his NFL career. I'm surprised the Cowboys are so happy about that wide receiver; the risk of re injury seems high in football games.
Yeah the sport has sped up a lot and coming back from an injury always puts you at a higher risk of it happening again.
I think Cooper came from the Raiders to the Cowboys?
Yes I think thats how it worked out. So is there really chips inside players shoulder pads?
I think so! The NFL even has those chips in the actual footballs. I wish I could have thought of that idea! Who knows how advanced football with be in a few decades, right?
No joke. Can you imagine if helmets were still just made of leather. Collissions could become lethal.
That would be terribly dangerous! I think I've heard the NFL doing education courses as to how to still make contact but avoid injury. Strategic, almost like martial arts. Hope they teach young football players, too!
Hello, How are you today, do you have time to chat for a bit?
Did your NFL team start 0-2 this year?
Unfortunately it has
They have less than a 5 percent chance of making it to the playoffs then
Well it's good that I'm not a huge fan of NFL
You must be watching the uninspiring Broncos Oakland game right now?
Yes but just on in the background with the tv muted
The Seattle offfense have really been proving themselves the past couple weeks. Don't you think?
Somewhat, they're doing somethings well and slacking on more of the basics.
J.J Watt has a real chance at winning Defensive Player of the Year again this year
I agree and the Bill's performance lately shows it.
If you are busy watching the Raiders and Broncos game I can let you go
Yeah if you don't mind I can't keep my eye off the Raiders strong defense and sacks
Russell Wilson was sacked five times in yesterdays game
I was watching and it was glorious
Seattle has the 2nd best offense in the league this year
There run-blocking is horrible though so I don't see them having much of a chance this year
Deshaun Watson is having another MVP like year 
It appears his ankle is finally getting better I just hope it can hold up through the season
He has help from JJ Watt if all else fails
True, I just wish the run-blocking was on par with the rest
NY has a worse defense than Buffalo or Arizona
Hello there, do you know who Tommy McDonald was?
He was a terrific football player who helped my team the Eagles to the NFL championship in '60.
Yeah that is right, good call!  Well you certainly had a wild season last year!  
Close on this year too!  I wish McDonald would have been around to help, but he unfortunately died at the age of 84.  He was a Hall of Famer.
Yeah I was sad to hear about him passing.  I was glad he made it into the hall though. 
He started out as a two-time All American in Oklahoma and played 12 seasons for the NFL making the Pro Bowl 6 times.  He was quite a player for his small figure at 5 foot 7 inches.
Yeah that is so cool, I love it when those tiny guys make it big.  I was a big fan of muggsy bouges and earl boykins in the NBA.  Are you a big football fan in general?
Not particularly, but I like the Super Bowls.  If women started playing, that would be fun to watch.  The NFL has no rule against it.  I would cheer them on.
Yeah I think that is so cool and I definitely hope to see a women playing in the NFL sometime soon!
I do like bowling though.  Are you a bowler?  In the 60's they made two times more than football players.  
Yeah I like to bowl and really!?  That is so crazy to think about, I would like to see a graph that shows how they overlapped as time when by.  
Perhaps if Rb Benjarvus Green-Ellis were around then, the football players may have made more money with his impressive no fumbles in his NFL career.
Wow, I didn't know that, super impressive.  I wonder how many total carries he had during his career. 
I'm not sure but with only 11 minutes of live gameplay in the average game it still is impressive.
Yeah I think I have read that before, you mean like not counting all the breaks right?  That seems like so little!
The balls and players are constantly tracked though.  All this technology adds to the game an extra tactic not used back in Tommy McDonalds time.  I bet no tracking chips were used then.
Yeah I don't think they had that kind of technology then.  I know they use trackers in helmets for safety intelligence. 
Do you listen to games on the radio?  If you do, you can also hear Jupiter's radio storms on the am stations.
I do when I have to, I really like the local radio station we have here, they play lots of oldies.   Wow, that is a crazy fact!  Jupiter is so far away!
Sure is and it sounds like soldiers who also were probably far away from home made radios out of just a razorblade and pencil diode.  That was very inventive.
That is an awesome fact, never knew that one as well.  It was nice chatting with you, I hope you have a good night. 
hello, do you like football?
Hello there, I do like football, did you watch the Super Bowl recently?
I did actually. What I did not know was that there were only 11 minutes of game play
Yeah thats about the average actual gameplay during a regular game.  There are lots of stops and reviews and all. 
yeah and all the ads. Did you know women can play?
Yeah I think that would be so cool if a female player made a pro roster in the near future. 
Yeah I hope that we see that at some point in the future, would make the game more fun
It would, and it would give young girls something to motivate them to achieve all sorts of goals. 
That is very true. Did you hear about that rule that applies to New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah I read about that, it seems a bit silly and outdated if you ask me. 
I think it is really messed up and not sure how it is still around
Yeah I agree, did you know about the average lifetime earnings?
Yeah they make less then engineers, but then again their career is shorter
That is what I figure it is, that the average career of a pro sports player is so much shorter. 
Yeah. Did you know now they are using chips to track the players in the field?
Yeah I read about that, I think it helps them develop better safety features as well. 
Yes that makes sense. How about the radio, do you listen to it?
Yeah I do, I found a good local station that I really like.  How about yourself?
Yes me too. If you listen on the am, you might catch Jupiter's storms
Yeah isn't that so cool!  Very interesting. 
Yeah for sure. Nice chatting with you :)
did you know that Jupiter's storms are so strong that you cna pick them up on your AM radio!
Hello there, no that is so cool though!  Are you a big fan of astronomy?
I know a little bit about it, what aobut you?
Yeah I like it quite a bit, I'm a fan of the radio as well, I really enjoy my local stations. 
ya did you know that you can make a radio out of a pencil and razorblade? I guess they did that in wwii
That is such a cool fact.  Another interesting thing about the radio is that in Canada, 40% of the music played over the radio has to be Canadian. 
that is interesting, I don't know how good that sounds though, only a few Canadian bands that I know and I can't say I like them that much haha
Yeah thats what I thought too, I bet a lot of people don't think thats a very good law lol. 
haha but it does sound better than the Finnish radio station that does a weekly news program completely in Latin, that sounds worse haha
Holy cow that sounds awful.  Did you know there is a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free?
no I didn't know that, I would check that out I bet there's some gems on there, are you watching the superbowl later?
Yeah I think that is so cool.  Yeah I'm going to be watching who do you think will win?
well I hope the patriots win personally, what is shocking is that the average game only has about 11 mins of live gameplay haha
I think they will win as well.  And that is so crazy to think about.  I do know you notice it much more when attending live games.  
ya I haven't been to a live game in years, and I didn't know that women could technically play for the nfl which would be interesting
I think that would be so cool if we did get a female player in the league.  I think that would be awesome for young girls around the world that are interested in sports. 
ya I think it would add a new dimension, I hope the game later doesn't have a blowout score like the highest score in any football game ever, 222-0 haha
Holy crap, I think I read about that before, wasn't it a college game?  They would have to score a touchdown on every play basically lol. 
haha ya when the score got to be 100-0 I think I would just leave, cumberland must have felt horrible after that loss haha
Yeah, I wonder what the halftime talk by the coach was lol. 
haha ya like, all right guys we have no chance just go to sleep now haha
hi, do you watch football?
I watched parts of the last superbowl. I have a passing knowledge and passing interest in football so I am on and off
Nice. did you know university of iowa has oainted the visitor locker room pink
Do you know why?
I have no idea, maybe discourage them in some way
Indeed, perhaps it is a mental thing to catch them off guard. So are you familiar with the nfl?
yeah with some of it. i know football players used to make less than bowlers back in the day
I couldn't believe that the average nfl game is only 11 minutes
I know yet we are glue to the tv for hours on end
I admit a lot and I mean a lot of action goes on in those few minutes. I mean the nfl is even putting chips in the ball and shoulder pads to get better data
yeah that must come  in handy. espn won an award , an emmy
I admit their yellow line which they got an emmy for definitely made the game much more digestible for the audience
seems that way. do you know what the highest score in history is?
I'm not sure but it must have been at least a difference of 150
it was 222-0, georgia tech beat the cumberlands
I wonder if georgia tech was just that good, cumberlands was that bad, or perhaps a bit of both
I think it was a combination of both
That does sound most plausible. Georgia tech must have had talents like tom brady or green ellis
Not sure who played in their team but must have been boring to watch too
True. Perhaps surprising until 50 pts, entertaining until 100 pts, and dull until 222 points
Yeah I guess. nice chat
Good evening.  Are you a football fan?  Did you know there is actually a new league starting tonight?
No, I did not know that.  I don't watch a lot of football, but I do know some intereesting bits of trivia about it.  Honestly, playing the game was more my brother's gig.  He got a football scholarship in college.  Did you know for instance, the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0?  Can you imagine been beat THAT badly?  Yikes!
I can't even imagine a score like that!  If you (or your brother) are curious, it's called the Alliance of American Football and it's actually connected to the NFL now.
I did hear they were also trying to revive the XFL, that's the football league run by the WWE wrestling organization.  Never caught it the first time around, so I can't say if bringing it back is a good idea or not...
I think that is scheduled for 2020 so the spring will be interesting.  Did you happen to catch the Super Bowl?  It seems like it's one of the rare single-elimination finales in our US sports.
No I didn't see it, heard it wasn't the greatest though.  They even griped about the group performing at Half Time (Maroon 5) although I understand they had a hard time even gettting anyone to perform.  Wonder if the commercials were any good this year though...
It was a defensive struggle, Maroon 5 was really just Adam Levine showing off, and the commercials were rather bland.  It's crazy to think that in terms of actual gameplay, the halftime show was longer as an average NFL game just has about 11 minutes of live action.
11 minutes?  It's hard to believe there's so little actual action in a game!  Wonder if any of the teams played any tricks on each other, like how University of Iowa has their visiting team's locker room painted pink!  Hehe... 
Being from Nebraska I know all about Iowa's ploy to gain any psychological advantage!
Yeah, it's kind of interesting... they've done studies and found color's really do effect people psychologically.  REad about an experiment where they painted a weight room pink and they found the lifters couldn't lift as much as they normally could.  Crazy, huh?
Yep!  Another crazy thing to me is that bowlers used to make more than football players!
Oh yeah, that was back when bowling was a HUGE thing  They'd even have celebrity bowling TV shows and stuff.  Seems grossly unfair though, given how injury prone football players are.  
Absolutely.  Especially when you factor in that despite all football players seem to make, an engineer makes more over a lifetime.
Neat little facto.. there's actually NO rule against women being football players in the NFL.  If they met the league's eligibility requirements, they could sign right up.  Not sure if that'll happen though...
It does seem like a stretch due to the physical differences.  It is interesting that apparently a woman can play for the NFL, but a Saints cheerleader has to leave a restaurant if a Saints player comes in.
Oh, wow, guess they're serious about the two not fraternizing. 
They must be!  I wonder which group it protects?  They definitely invest in their players.  Did you know they have made chips to track about every movement on the field a player makes?
Yeah, I heard about that... they've got a chip in the ball as well... probably makes it easier to go statistics and whatnot.  Especially since it can keep track of velocity, rotation and speed.
Amazing how far it's come.  I bet there was a time just getting a radio broadcast of the game was huge!
I remember back when all they had was Madden using the white "chalk" lines and now they've got all these cool graphics and stuff to help everyone keep track of what's going on... it's pretty amazing.
Thanks for the chat!  It's time for some football!
Hey, you too!  Have a great evening!
You too!
Hello - how are you doing today?
I am good. Just missing football season. I can't wait for the 32 teams to get back out on the field in the fall!
I love football too. Who is your team?
I am from florida so I root for the dolphins even though they are terrible! The dolphins lose most of their 16 games a season.How about you?
Haha I'm from Ohio so I root for the Cincinnati Bengals. 
Hard to believe NFL football has been played since 1932. The field was 80 yards back then.
That's crazy. There's no written rule against female players in the NFL.
I would like to see some female players. I bet they would be very strategic. 
It would be interesting. An average NFL game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
Have you ever seen snoop dogg's son play? he's pretty good! Snoop wrote a song for the high school team his son was on.
I heard he's really good, but have never seen him play.
I enjoy listening to games on the radio. The use of air waves and electromagnetic energy waves is a great way to consume football.
I love listening games on the radio as well. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than an average NFL and MLB player.
Engineers are the creators of the tracking chips the NFL uses to measure player moves on the field.
That's a cool technology. Maybe it can help out with concussions and other injuries through data.
That would be amazing! A brilliant engineer that now coaches in the NFL is named Matt Patricia. 
That's cool. The highest ever football score was 222-0.
Humiliating score for the losing team! They probably did not make it to the super bowl on the first Sunday in February.
Former Patriots Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career
That is impressive! He deserves a nice stadium like the Allen, Texas one that cost 60 million.
It was great talking to you!
Hi, how are you doing tonight?
Great.  Are you in one of the 32 NFL cities?
At the moment, no. But I grew up near some. How about you?
I am in Phoenix, one of the 16 NFC cities.  Unfortunately, we have the number one draft choice which means the worst record.
Well, it's a rebuilding year. Happens to many teams. Who do you think you'll get?
I would hope Kyler Murray but the defensive guy from Ohio State is most likely.  The season is 17 weeks even though each team only plays 16 games.
Does anyone care about the sexual preferences of the players in the NFL these days?
I have heard a little rumbling, but I thought it was about gender rather than homosexuality.  What have you heard?
Haven't heard. I know that there is no rule against women. What's the story?
I think that some teams just worry about PR challenges.  It takes a team chemistry to win.  I expect to see a woman kicker someday.  No rule against women in the NFL.
Yeah, a woman kicker makes sense. Could come over from soccer.
Great point.  Imagine the income that players get from only 11 minutes of action in each game.  If you play defense or offense, that is 5.5 minutes for you.
That's a pretty good per-minute salary. It's quite different from basketball and soccer.
True.  I started my career as an engineer and made about $4 million so far.  My neighbor was a running back for the Cardinals and he made $7 million in his last season.  But on average, engineers make more than NFL players over a career.
Maybe your neighbor could become an engineer later in life after he retires from football. The earnings of an engineer are good. Women should go into that instead of football.
There is a push for women in STEM.  He coaches running backs for another NFL team now, so he is doing okay.  Brand new Porche in his driveway this week.  In New Orleans, the cheerleaders cannot dine in the same restaurant as a player.  The cheerleader has to leave if a player comes in.
I think that's an outdated sexist system. Parents, don't let your daughters grow up to be cheerleaders! Teach 'em engineering!
Those NFL salaries took a while to grow.  In the 1960's, top bowlers earned more than NFL players.
Top bowlers were lucky that the professional leagues didn't have their act together. College ball was big, and TV hadn't grown enough.
You are right.  Also, the NFL has to pay a lot more players than the 10 or 12 top bowlers.  That ESPN yellow line that marks the line to gain for a first down has been a nice improvement for TV watchers.
It has been an improvement, but does it deserve an award?
Nice chat!
I did not know that Jupiter had radio systems. Now, I know that Earth is not the only planet with radios.
I didn't know that Jupiter had radio system either. Do you think that life on Jupiter?
Well, I am imagining it right now, but on Jupiter it would be dark cuz the sun is so far away.
Yes, that's what I learn I wonder for years did man actually visit these planets. If they did man may had place items on these planets.
Well, maybe NASA had a certain technique and system to bring astronauts to space.
Yes i pretty sure they do. Have you ever heard of sun's music? I have any idea what is sun's music.
I bet that is a lot of money for NASA to use in making machines and satellites over there. No I have not.
That's true, I wonder why DC resident called the NFL Eagles the America's team.  
That is interesting. I don't recall. I think they won the Super Bowl last year against the Patriots.
What did you think about Sunday's Super Bowl games? do you think the entire game was exciting?
I think it was excited when they were tied 3-3. Once I saw 4th quarter, I already knew it was a win for the Patriots. I like the Halftime show.
Yes, I like the halftime show and commercials. I agree I knew who will win also Rams is a rather young team.
I am so happy that Adam Levine had some special guests. Rams can win another year. They should feel lucky to actually be in the Super Bowl.
Yes they should, but they came from such a long ways to lose against a team that already won five Super Bowl championships.
This gives them more time to practice and develop strength and ability. It's never too late. When was the last time they won a Super Bowl game?
I am not sure the exact year, but I think the Rams lost also. They play several games against New England and lost.
Wow, against the Patriots. Once the rams know the patriots are against them, they either know that they will lose or they will have a chance to win.
True, what team is your favorite team, or you don't have a favorite team? Pittsburgh is my favorite team.
I think I mentioned earlier that the 49ers are my favorite team. 
No, according to my knowledge this is the first time that question by me. I like them. 
All right, I will go now.
Hey! Do you like football at all....
Love it and sad it is over for the year. It seems like the season goes so fast. You know the season is only 17 weeks with one bye week. Not enough football for me.
Right! I love Football but rarely get to follow it. I sometimes listen to the games on the radio lol...always busy....
Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.  I wonder what that sounds like!
Really? I really need to try and tune in so I can hear that, an A.M radio station huh? I will check it out! There is a website that plays old classic radio dramas for free.
I love some talk radio so that channel may be fun to listen to! In Canada the music on their radios have to be at least 40% must be canadian.
Wow, I bet so the canadians can get good radio air time. I get that. I was listening to a talk radio show and they were saying an NFL game on average only has a mere 11 minutes of actual live play....that's crazy!
I know...you think that football players get paid the big bucks but I heard in the long run you are better off being an engineer.  They tend to have higher than average lifetime earnings of both a NFL and MLB player!
No way! I never would have thought that at all....very interesting. I like the fact that the NFL has no written rules against women playing football, as long as they meet their requirements. 
Better than being a cheerleader...the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any nfl player and they even have to leave if one comes in to eat. Talk about double standards!
That is just wrong, I wonder if that is true to this day or something of the past....just like the locker room being painted all pink in the University of Iowa's locker room for the visiting team lol 
That is sure to annoy the visiting team! Did you know that in the 60s top bowlers made more money than football stars. Crazy!  Doesn't sound right!
That is truly crazy! I bet that is not the case in present times lol. I wonder if they still use the tracking chips put into players pads to record their every move....and inside footballs to track velocity and rotation, speed very interesting!
Thank goodness no one is tracking how slow I am! You know the game football means different sports to different people. Like soccer in some countries is called football in others. So confusing!
Haha, me too! That is interesting and makes sense! I wonder if they tracked the game that was won 222-0 back in 1916....that is awesome, what a score!
Wow! I feel sorry for the team that lost. Wasn't it Cumberland?
Yes! It was actually. They played against Georgia tech. Pretty amazing, just like how former Patriots rb never fumbled a ball ever, in his NFL career!
Patriots are an amazing team...love or hate them they have the talent. Did you watch the Super Bowl this year? It is usually held the first sunday of february. 
I didn't get to see the Superbowl this year, but I heard it was an awesome game. The Patriots are definitely a great team. Would have loved to have seen the game!
Me too!  Well maybe next year with the season starts in September you can make it to a game. 
Right? I will definitely make it to a football game this year. 
I hope so!  It was nice talking to you. Have a good day!
It has been great! You have a great day too!
DO you like football?
Yes I do. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players
I wonder too. Bowlers make more money than them though in the 60s
I guess football was not that popular back in the day either though
True. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes that is Georgia Tech beating CUmberland 222-0

Yeah and that was way back in 1916 and is still a record
Yeah. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yes that was for the superimposed yellow line
Yeah. Did you know Banjarvus Green-ELlis never fumbled the ball?
Wow, what a guy. Do you listen to the radio?
Yes I do. You can listen to Jupiter's storms in am radio
Nice. Do you ever listen to Canadian radios?

Yes sometimes but they play a lot of music from canadian artists
Yes they are required to do that by law, 40% of it has to be canadian
True. Do you now how soldiers made foxhole radios during WWII?
Yes they used pencils and razorblades to make those
Yes. Do you listen to radio dramas?
Yes there is a free website where you can listen to them too
Yes that is so convenient. Nice chatting with you.
Hello, do you watch a lot of football?
I do sometimes. How about you?
Actually, I don't. Only for big games like the Super Bowl etc. Did you know the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay??
I know isn't that crazy as long as a game lasts. Did you know in the 60's bowlers made twice as much as the top football players.
Now that is pretty awesome. I like bowling. Think it takes as much skill as football. I didn't realize girls could play in the NFL if they met the eligibility requirements. 
I think guys would give them a hard time but it's cool. And if they are on the University of Iowa visiting team they get a pink locker room
That would be great. Can't say I like the rules about the MO Saints' cheerleaders. Apparently they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player already in the restaurant. Plus if a player comes in after, the cheerleaders have to leave. Unbelievable!
I think that is crazy. If they are at away game what are the chances of them running into a player at a restaurant. I wonder if they enforce it.
I wonder why it is a rule. Something must have happened to cause them to come up with that one!
That is true. And I think it is interesting that NFL uses tracking chips in their players shoulder pads
All in all, I think football is pretty scientific with all the plays and strategies they come up with. Those chips track all their moves and helps the coaches design their moves. Pretty genius.
True. Can you believe there was a game of a score of 222-0. How is that even possible.
Either GA Tech was really good or Cumberland was really bad. How about Patriots' running back Benjarvus who never fumbled the ball in his entire career?
That is a great accomplishment. Did you know ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line.
That is pretty cool. I need all the TV explanations that go on during the games. Otherwise I would be so lost sometimes. ESPN is the channel we watch for all sports.
I like ESPN for some things. I got ESPN 2 for UFC events and it has not been a good experience. 
That's too bad. Did you hear that the Cardinals' Adrian Peterson is buying his linemen mattresses because they did so well in the last game. I guess they were pretty horrible before. He wants to make sure they sleep well. :)
That is nice of him to do. NFL players make a lot of money but it's interesting that Engineers make more money than NFL players
They use a lot of brain power! BTW, I meant to say the Redskins not Cardinals. :)
Do you like to listen to the radio?
Yes I do. I have a long commute to work so the radio keeps me sane! Hey nice chatting. Have a great rest of the day!
hi how are you? Do you like radio? 
Still like to listen, but fav. local station switched to "talk" radio, no music, sev. yrs. ago. Do you have a fav. radio show?
I dont but i try to catch up on the news. I used to listen to a lot of music on the radio when i was younger.
Do you listen to podcasts today? Any particular sports broadcasts you follow?
I dont listen to sports stuff. I usually try to listen to news. Do you listen to sports podcasts?
Not regularly. Occasionally learn something interesting, though: Did you know Redskins RB, Adrian Peterson stated recently that he's buying king mattresses for his offensive line because "...having these guys up front creates holes" for Peterson to run through. That was fun to listen to. 
LOL. that is great! maybe i should take a listen to some of this stuff. It sounds great!
Peterson was quoted on Pro Football Talk podcast. Do you have a fav. pro team?
At the moment, no. I used to follow the 49ers.
San Francisco! That is, if that city still hosts that team...they keep switching! Did you see Feb. Super Bowl?
Yeah, they moved the stadium to another city. I did not. i usually try to watch. did not have a chance this time. did you watch?
Yes (sigh). Brady & the Patriots got 6th win. A bit tired of that franchise, though Tom Brady is a legendary QB. Beat the LA Rams. You didn't miss much.  HS football is more fun, I think. Do you follow/see local teams?
i dont. i am concerned that the sport can cause a lot of problems. the concussions could be a problem for HS players. i like the game, but player safety is key.
Well said, and because of fan's valid concerns, game is changing. But my dad, who coached hs football for 41 yrs., used to say is biggest concern was boys who would not report injuries to him...Less of an issue today, do you think?
i dont know. the problem is that injuries are expected but kids want to play. i did not play football because of my concern about injuries. i figured other sports were safer.
You figured right. Do you suppose soccer is safer? Sure is popular worldwide...
soccer is safer, but the guys are wimps. they fake fouls. the women are tougher.
I see. College football is huge in my region. Did you know that 14 of the world's 25 biggest stadiums are college stadiums - like our Beaver Stadium (Penn State).
I figure that the stadiums  have become places of worship. I enjoy sports, but they should not overshadow the mission of the university. Anyway, great chat!
Agree. Very well said. Cheers!
Have a good day!
thanks.
hi how are you? do you listen to the radio?
Yeah. I love listening to the radio.
I dont listen to it much now. i used to listen a lot as a kid.
I listened to it more when I was a kid for sure. Thats all we used to have. Lol. I sound old. 
I used to listen for music, then for news. Now i go to youtube.
You tube is awesome. Did you know that bill murray used to voice the fantastic four radio show.
I did nto know that. that must have been a long time ago, before his film career.
Yeah it was. In 1948 Bing crosby records filled more than half of the radio time for recorded music. He was pretty popular.
He was the voice of radio. then sinatra came along. he probably got a lot of radio play too.
I would say so. You still him every once in awhile now a days. Old blue eyes. Isnt that hat they called him.
yes, he was quite slender in the old days. they said you had to tie a knot in his arm to give him an elbow.
I did not know that about him. Imagine a ventriloquist being the most popular act on a radio show.
Yes, people really can seem simple sometimes. but i bet the lines were funny. 
They most have been. I bet a lot of kids listened to it. I can picture all the kids gathering around a radio every sunday for the new show.
Yeah, there probably was not much else to do for entertainment. watch the grass grow?
They could play with there ball hooked to a paddle. Lol.
Yeah, that silly old game. Or hoola-hoops! Yeah!
So are you a football fan?
I sometimes watch. i guess the super bowl is good. i didnt watch it this year. You?
I didnt watch it either. Did you know that snoop dog wrote the fight song to his sons ootball team.
Snoop! probably keep it g rated. Anyway, great chat!
Lol. Have a great day. 
hi, do you watch football?
Not very much.  I did watch my Saints in the playoffs; the final play-off game was painful.  But, I do have season tickets to LSU football!
nice. did you know women can play too?
I figured as much, considering we had a woman ref in the NFL playoffs.  I just don't know when they will break thru that glass ceiling.   What I find interesting is the use of tech in football, like tracking chips to record hit "G" forces.
yea that is nice. and they can track so many more statistics with those chips
Football (and other sports) have odd traditions and superstitions.  Did you know Saint's cheerleaders cannot be in the same restaurant with any NFL player?
i find that very sexist. the worst is that they have to leave even mid-meal
I agree.  It seems like what is off field should remain off field.  It caries over to college football as well.  The University of Iowa painted the visiting football teams  locker PINK.  I do not know if it was in humor, intimidation, or a bit of both?
I think pink is a color that causes distraction so maybe it was to help their own team
Probably a carryover in machoism.  But, you can say technology has really changed the game.  We have tracking chips in the uniforms and the ball and 2-way radio in the QBs helmet.  It sure has changed a lot from the days of hand signals between the QB and the coach on the sideline!
for sure. did you now bowlers used to make more than football players back in the day?
I did not know that.  We often here about  the mega contracts the star players get but not the contracts of the average and 2nd string players.  I recently learned that because of the short career in pro football, the average lifetime earnings of a typical NFL player is less than the lifetime earnings and an engineer.  Unfortunately, too many football players don't invest well for their after football days.
i guess not. i mean they still get paid more nowadays but a lot of them take on secondary jobs to make ends meet
True.  There are just not that many positions in sports TV and radio for retired NFL players.  ESPN has a good suite of NFL retires and has made tech work for them.  Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line to show the first down location for their viewers?
yeah that is quite the achievement for them to win an award for that
I grew up in a very rural area where TV reception was poor; so we listened to the games on the AM radio.  Do you still listen to live radio or have you migrated over to internet streaming and podcasts?
yeah I do from time to time. curious to know if I can catch Jupiter's storms in there
That would be interesting.  I wonder if astronomers can predict / time them so that we can know when and how to tune it.  Its interesting that in Canada, in an effort to preserve local culture, all radio stations are required by law to play 40% Canadian music.  I hope they have many other performers and not Justin Bieber (LOL)!
haha one would hope because just justin would be boring. but good for them for supporting Canadian talent
True.  We do the same thing down in Louisiana.  Not by law but in the interest of retaining our Cajun, Creole, and Zydeco musical heritage.  With respect to heritage and history, did you know that a Finnish radio station as a entire weekly news program in classical latin.  I wonder how many listeners follow and understand the centuries old dead language?
I really wonder about that too but if they are still in business that must mean they have plenty of listeners
True.  Well its about time to go.  The dogs are starting to go off when they want their supper.  They are pretty good at Nerf football with respect to recovering fumbles.  If I could just get them to stay inbounds!  
well have a good one. nice chat
Do you watch or play football?
Yes I do. My favorite team is the Eagles. Did you know that in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars?
Really? It's amazing how much popularity football has gained since then. Now we even have a superimposed yellow line that ESPN won an Emmy for.
I didn't know about the superimposed yellow line. Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0?
Wow, I wonder what happened! I'm not really into football as there are only 11 minutes live gameplay on average in a game but that seems like it would have been an interesting game to watch.
Yes it does. The NFL has no written rule against female players. I find that interesting. 
I hope a woman will be able to meet the eligibility requirements one day!
So do I. Do you listen to the radio?
Not that much. Did you know that you can hear Jupiter's storms on the AM radio?
No I did not
There is also a finnish radio station that broadcasts a weekly program in Classical Latin. I wonder how many people can understand it!
That is very cool. In Canada, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music to be played to be Candian. 
I haven't heard that much Canadian music, I didn't know there was that much. Would you listen to a website with thousands of classic radio dramas?
I know Avril Lavigne came from Canada and her music was played there. No I would not listen to a website with classic radio dramas. It is free, which is neat. 
I'd love to learn how to make a foxhole radio
How do you do that? I have never heard of a foxhole radio. Since 1989 a Finnish radio station has broadcasted a weekly news program conducted in classical latin. 
I am not sure but soldiers in WWII used to make them with a razorblade and pencil.
That is cool. Do you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same resturant as an NFL player?
Yeah, and not only that, but I heard that if the cheerleaders are already eating there and the players come in,, that the cheerleaders have to leave.
I find that ridiculous. Cheerleaders have very low wages to begin with which is unfair. Thanks for chatting with me!
Yeah, I wonder how they can get away with that. Nice chatting with you.
Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Hello!  Yes big fan here!  How about you?
I love the NFL as well. Did you know they have no written rule against females playing?
I would like to see a girl play.  Be nice.  The university of Iowa painted their visitors locker rooms pink.  Must have been to mess with the other team.
That would be cool. I wonder if the pink locker room actually affected the team at all?
I doubt it.  lol  In the 1960's someone would have been better off to be a top bowler rather than a top football star of the day because bowlers made twice as much money as the footballers did.
Wow that's pretty amazing. I would have never guessed that. I bet bowlers don't make a whole lot these days.
I bet nowhere near as much as the players.  However, the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are more than the earnings of an average football player.
That's interesting. I guess because NFL careers are usually pretty short.
That would be my guess.  Do you know what the highest score ever was for a college football game?
I saw it was 222-0. That is just insane!
Talk about a blowout!  I was surprised to find out that there is actually only 11 minutes of live gameplay per an average NFL game.  I thought it would have been a little more than that.
I can't believe it's only 11 minutes of gameplay. I would have never guessed  that. Must be all of the huddles and play calling.
Yes and tv timeouts. lol  How about RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis.  The former Patriots running back never fumbled the ball once in his NFL career.
That's pretty amazing to never fumble your entire career.
I know.  I wonder how many carries he had?  Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line you see while watching games?
I have no idea. Do you listen to the radio?
I love listening to the radio!  How about you?
I do too. Especially in my commute into work. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be heard on Earth?
Same here.  I actually listen to a lot of sports talk radio.  I didn't know that about Jupiter.  How cool is that?
It was good talking to you!
hey there, do you listen to the radio?
Actually, no, I don't listen very often anymore. I think I got turned off by all the advertisements. Still, the way it works is fascinating in how it's transformed in its original form
Yeah for sure. You can even catch Jupiter's storm in the AM .
I guess it's a large planet that can still reach us here on Earth. There are websites now that let you listen to classic radio dramas. 
That is so nice and it is free. Do you know much latin?
Most consider it a dead language, but apparently in Finland, some still know it enough for there to be a news program in classical Latin
I really wonder how many listeners they have considering latin is a dead language.
I know a school that still teaches it, so maybe not as dead as we are told. In Canada, at least 40% of the music you'll hear is Canadian since it's a law there
That is one way to support local and national artists. In the earlier times soldiers used to make radios using razorblades and pencils
I wonder what kind of information they could pick up. The radio definitely isn't as popular as it used to be. Back in the day, people would use it to listen to sports events like that of the MLB and NFL
Yeah, I would like to know that too. Do you watch football now on TV?
I typically only watch a handful of playoff games and the Super Bowl. What's cool is how they use embedded chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to track speed and all that. It makes sense
Yeah they might be able to use that info for so many things. At the end of it, in a game of nfl the game time is only 11 minutes.
Which isn't very long when you think about it. Some people make a big deal about how much money they make, but the average engineer will earn more in a lifetime
Yeah, I heard a player teaches in the off season to makes ends meet.
Wow. I guess the season only lasts 17 weeks of games. Apart from training, they have a lot of time off
and sometimes they have strange rules. new orleans cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as the nfl players.
Maybe the wives requested that one. Usually the rules exist due to prior problems. There's no rule against women playing, but I'm not sure if any have tried
Yeah I wonder about that. At least f they want, they can try for it
Sounds like a risk of injury. The playoffs in the NFL are much quicker than that of the MLB since it's single elimination
That is true. It was nice chatting with you.
do you like football?
I do. SNoop Dog once wrote a song for his son's team
Nice. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on them
Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s
WOw. Coaches of football are really well paid nowadays though
Yeah true. Do you know the highest score in college football?
I have no idea, have not heard of that
It is 222-0 when Cumberland lost to Georgia Tech in 1916
Wow what a score. A stadium in Texas can sit 18 000 people 
Wow that is huge, how much did that cost?
It was about $60 million and it is for a high school
Wow. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Did not know that but heard they are using tracking chips on the players now
Yes if they meet the requirements they can play. They are?
Yes they are tracking velocity and speed and such
Nice I wonder if they can use that to make the game safer
Good point. Did you know Matt Patricia used to be a rocket scientist?
Wow that is such a huge career jump
Indeed it is. Nice chat today
Same here
I wonder if the athletes wouldn't have already had their own king sized mattressess before being gifted them, haha.
Can you ever really have too many though?
Then again I guess maybe the coach is wealthy enough to afford fancier mattresses since his team is performing so well. 
This is true.  We might find out on the next "Redskins Talk" podcast.  Good dudes, free beer and king size mattresses for days.
Is that a podcast operated by players on the team?
It sure is.  It's on SiriusXM NFL radio.  It's where we can hear about Adrian Peterson's 96 yards against the Cards on Sunday.
Oh, that's interesting, I typically like listening to radio dramas myself which is lucky for me because there are websites where you can listen to tons of episodes of them for free.
You make a good point.  I didn't know until today that Bill Murray was the voice of the Human Torch on the Fantastic Four radio show.  Aw jeeze, ain't radio great.
I didn't know that either. Radio is great, and also so mysterious! I never realized that planets like Jupiter have strong radio storms happening on them that you can actually listen to through an AM radio.
That's actually pretty cool.  Seriously.  I think they should put more NFL games on the radio.  It would be a good chance to listen to the Patriots getting crushed on.
The fact that you can even make your own radio using simple items like razor blades and pencils would also make that a dream situation for a football fan who is handy with electronics!
That would be pretty great.  I would build my own radio just to listen to that song that Snoop Dogg wrote for his son's high school football team
Wow, I never heard about that! That sounds like a lot more fun than just having your locker room painted pink like the university of iowa had
At least it's.... okay, okay, pink is pretty bad, but the high school stadium in Allen, Texas cost $60 mil.  That would buy a lot of pink paint.
It's amazing that for how much they put into the locker rooms football players make much less than say engineers for example!
Ha!  that's true.  But coaches make bank.  The Army, Navy and Air Force football coaches are the highest paid people in the Department of Defense.
Well that's good for them! Even the people at ESPN who design graphics like the yellow first down line have won emmys so they probably are paid a lot too
That's a good point.  It's too bad "Redskins Talk" podcast can't win an Emmy.  Ah well, at least they gave one to Rick and Morty.
I guess for football players it's the superbowl that feels like their own emmy
This is true.  Hopefully it will be the Redskins turn at the big game this year.
I guess we'll see after the regular season is done and they all play in the playoffs!
Do you watch football? 
From time to time. How about you? 
I used to watch it a lot more, but apparently the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of gameplay. 
COme to think about it, that is so strange, there is so much in between. And the game has advanced so much. Now the players carry chips in their paddings 
Yeah, when I watch it, it seems like I'm just watching people stand around all day. 
SO much down time. There is an astronaut turned coach that serves in one of the teams
Interesting, I wonder what he studied in school. 
RPI. have you heard about the curiosity sorrounding that school?
No I haven't. What is that about? 
they have fight song that includes a sin, cosine and a tangent and six digits of pi
Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter storms can be heard on the radio?
Yeah on the AM. Maybe I should switch from time to time to see if I can catch it
Me too, but I'm not sure what station. 
Me either. there was a song by hanson that became the most played in a chicage radio because the djs would not reveal the band

I wonder if he is canadian?
I am not sure actually. In 1948 bing crosby filled something like more than half of the radio time allocated to recorded music

I like Bing Crosby, do you listen to him much? 
Not really. Have you heard 
of Bill Murray?
Yeah, he's a great actor. I really like his movies. 
He was the voice of Human Torch in fantastic four in 1930s in radio
Interesting. I saw him in groundhog day. 
The NFL is a professional american football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the NFC and AFC
Hi, how are you? Are you a football fan? Do you follow the NFL? Which of the 32 teams do you like?
Chicago is my favourite team. What about you >
I usually root for the underdog in the Superbowl. :) Did you know that there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay in an NFL game? That's a great salary on a per-minute basis.
New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player, the cheerleader are required to leave.
I guess that to prevent relationships between players and cheerleaders. They must have had problems in the past.
The players want to focus on the game, I think is the good rules.
True. Speaking of women, I wonder when women will play in the NFL. There's no rule against it. 
Now, Radio is hear by only few peoples. You listen to radio ?
I used to listen to the radio when I was a kid. Now I use the Internet, which is much more convenient.
Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
I don't know that I would want to listen. Probalby not as good as Top 40. 
Do you play football ?
Not really a football player. Heard that back in the 60s, top bowlers made more than pro football players. Things certainly have changed.
There different variations of football are known as football codes.
I don't know the rules for the other forms of football. Seems to be a universal sport. I wonder if any of those teams paints their visiting team's locker room pink.
Its the most lovable sports by many people.  Its has so much fans.
Are you going to watch the Super Bowl this weekend? Which of the teams is your favorite? 
Yes, Yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
ESPN won an award for that feature in the televised games! It makes it easier for viewers to understand the game.
There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
I wonder what generation listens to those programs. Youngsters don't want to hear those shows. 
Hearing and thinking are the most two important event in brain.  It makes brain activity.
Well, it's been fun chatting!
Yes, have a great day.
Bye!
hi how are you?
Good, how about you? Are you a football fan?
if there is money in it, i am. i like to watch the game for gambling. you?
I play fantasy, which is partially gambling, and I bet on the super bowl. who would have bet the highest score for a football game was georgia tech defeating cumberland 222-0?
that was a blow out. i figure that GT had something to prove to cumberland. i dont know what, but they proved it.
Lots of fumbles, interceptions, etc. 
that must have been a lot of fun for the teams. good experience. a learning experience for everyone involved. i envy them
Probably sad for Cumberland lol, but yea they can learn from it
They can learn that football is not their sport.
lol yes, I didnt realize the average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual gameplay
the players union has ensured that work time is minimal. the fans are steamed about it but what can they do? put in other players? 
I dunno, to be honest, I dont know that players would take much more than 11 minutes of high speed contact.
with the chips in their pads, we can monitor them until it is too much, then put in other players. technology allows us to maximize gameplay.
Yup. Also makes for good explanations on TV
yes, i figure that the fans deserve to know the exact time and place that each concussion happens. they paid a lot of money so the data should be there.
For medical reasons, too. And to show the speed of athletes.
i guess the athletes are in danger on the field. they should be protected. i think that genetic engineering is a good way to build stronger players. the nfl should start an engineering firm to build the better player.
Be ready for the first sub 4.0 40 yard dash
that is just a matter of time and engineering. i know that we will have the first supersprinter in the world. anyway, great chat! keep on running!
Imagine a 250 pound guy running 4 second 40. Kinda scary.
i imagine a 500 pound guy running that speed. the possibilities are endless. the fans will be in awe. have a good day!
You too!
Good Morning!! Sweet....Football, NFL, and radio...I'm good to talk about any of them...your choice on this blustery winter day!
It is really getting cold here! What a great conversation starter! You like football?
I love football here in Cleveland Ohio! But, I  wish the Saints would've made it in.
Hi! I'm in SE Ohio. I do too. Do you follow the eagles at all?
I know about the Eagles. My brother doesn't live too far from there...he's in Lancaster. I don't know about that QB Carson Wentz though...guy can't stay healthy.
Thats true. Always getting hurt. I'm more Appalachia then Columbus. Could you imagine a football score of 220 now? That would be impossible!
LOL....not playing against the Browns it wouldn't for the last 20 years. That's an awful lot of Football scoring! What city you live in?
I remember how big Lebron James was when he came home to cleveland. We thought he was going to make Cleveland big. Around Cambridge.
Oh, heck. My brother used to live in Coshocton...you're not far from me at all. Yes, Lebron was huge! And we were big for a year at least. Not really caring for the National Football League and their refs this year...I feel like the Super Bowl was rigged in the teams they got.
I agree. Seems really strange. Do you remember when they started using those yellow lines on the TV for football? ESPN won an emmy for that!
No kidding? I never knew it won an Emmy.  It makes it easier seeing the first down though.
It does. I have family Cuyahoga Falls. Green- Ellis has neve fumbled a ball!
I think you just jinxed him...LOL. Cuyahoga Falls isn't a bad town. I'm thinking on moving there. And I might listen to the Super Bowl on the radio if I can't get my TV to work.
That a good idea. There is a lot of train traffic though, so you may have to turn the radio or TV up a bit! Would you watch a female NFL league?
perhaps? Football I think is rough for anyone to be playing. Though, I've known some women in my life that could definitely play.
:) An NFL game only has 11 minutes of live play. I think women could do it.
Yes, I've heard about that only 11 minutes of gameplay thing. Odd...it usually takes me a 6-pack of beer to watch all 11 minutes of live football!
I figure it takes that for a lot of people! Do you think your radio will work in Cuyahoga Falls? Radio waves will have to go thru a lot of metal around there.
I didn't realize Cuyahoga Falls had that bad of a problem. My radio would probably pick up Cleveland stations. Hey! I'm glad we had this talk! Have a really Great day!
You too! It's been a pleasure!
Welp, back to the frigid weather. The radio said it's going down to -4 tomorrow
I know it. I'm already dressed in layers for today!
Good evening!  Planning to watch any football this weekend?
Hello,  unfortunately I dont watch football,  but there are some interesting facts here.  Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team.
I didn't know that.  I bet the song was probably half as long as the live gameplay in an NFL game.  For a four hour game there are like 11 minutes of actual gameplay!
Yeah thats ridiculous ha.  The high school football stadium in allen, texas seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build
High school football in Texas is a whole different thing.  It is still a tough profession for those that make it.  Engineers make more in a lifetime than an NFL player.
Yeah remember that movie Varsity Blues?  Football is pretty serious there.  14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams.
Wow!  Just think in the 1960s, top bowlers (yes, bowlers!) made twice as much of the top football players of that era.
Thats crazy since football players put themselves at risk everytime they play!  
That's true.  Sadly, Maryland's Jordan McNair died of heatstroke in June, so there are real risks.
Those humungous american flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make
Spared no expense I guess.  They will be rolling out those flags this weekend as the playoffs are starting with the final field of six teams in each conference decided last week.
Who is in the playoffs?
The American Football Conference has Kansas City, New England, LA Chargers, Indianapolis, Houston, and Baltimore.
Nice,  who is your team?  or who are you rooting for>
I have a soft spot for the Patriots, but would like to see either Kansas City or the Chargers win it.  By the way, in the National Football Conference it is New Orleans, LA Rams, Chicago, Philadelphia, Seattle, and Dallas.
Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Funny how they invest so much, but then a team like New Orleans goes even further and forbids players and cheerleaders from eating at the same restaurant.  Sadly, if the cheerleader is there first and a player comes in, the cheerleader has to leave!
Haha thats ridiculous!  Cheerleaders also dont get paid for travel expenses.  I knew someone who was a cheerleader for the Lakers
That's really cool.  Did she have a lot of stories?
Not really,  she wasnt allowed to interact with the players at all.  Plus,  it was just her side job.  
I bet she had the best seat in the house for home games.  Great chat!
Are you a fan of the NFL?
I am a fan of the NFL! What about you?
me too, and college football! Do you have a favorite team
I like the Ravens and the Eagles. Have you heard about the University of Iowa's locker room?
I have heard of them, they are my favorite team. I like the pink look to it, what do you think of it?
I wonder if it is a mental thing to throw off the opponents?
It is, it is basically psychology 101. Pink has a natural calming effect and relaxes the players lol
Interesting. Do you know how much bowlers made in the 1960s?
I don't know exactly, but I know it was almost double the NFL salary, which is crazy to think about
I know! I guess bowling was more popular back in the day.
I think so too. Bowling is fun but I can't wait it like football. Do you listen to the radio much?
Yes, I love the radio. What about you?
Me too, nothing like cruising to work listening to some rock on the radio, what do you listen to?
A little bit of everything. Sometimes you can even hear the Jupiter radio storms!
I heard that, I wonder how that works, I know it is AM but how do you know what it sounds like lol
I am not sure. I am assuming it just sounds like static. 
Good point, lol. I wonder if it a slightly different static sound. I need to youtube that one! Have you heard of foxhole radios?
Is that from soldiers in WWII?
Yep, they made them with razor blades and a pencil, I wonder how they made it work
That is so fascinating. Yes I have no idea how that turns into a radio. 
Me neither, straight engineering lol. It was so nice chatting with you! Enjoy your night!
Are you a fan of football? 
I love football. I am a Steelers fan. How about you?
My team is the Redskins to be honest. 
Did you know the highest score ever in a football game was 222 - 0. 
No I didn't. Do you know what team it was? 
Yeah it was georgia tech vs cumberland. Geeorgia tech stomped them on that day in 1916.
Hilarious. I didn't even know Georgia Tech was around back then. Go figure. 
Well in the 1960s football players made a lot less money. In fact top bowlers actually made more money.
Interesting. Have you seen that movie Kingpin with Bill Murray? 
I dont think I have saw that one. Is it good?
Well it is about bowlers in the 60s and how they are semi celebrities. 
I might have to check that one out. Did you hear about ESPN winning the award for the yello line that shows first down marker?
I did, I wonder if they won awards for the thing that follows the hockey puck in hockey? 
I dont watch hockey so Im not even sure what your talking about to be honest with you.
LOL, no worries. Do you listen to the radio? 
I was just listening to jupiters radio storms on Am radio last night.
Interesting, what station was it on? 
I just remember that t was on am radio. I listen to that when I get tired of listening to all the classical radio dramas. There is a website for that.
Interesting. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razorblade and pencil? 
Yeah I would love to try to build one. You know just to see if I can. 
That would be cool. Well, nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you as well. Have a great day.
Hey, how you doing there?
wonderful how about you
I'm great! Have you heard of the sport called football?
Yes! I live in America and just watched the super bowl! what about you? 
Sometimes I watch the SB.  I think it's funny that n the 60's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. 
Also find that funny. Are you from the US?
I am. I grew up there. Many of my friends are American. Are you from the US?
Yes I am. crazy that there are no written rules against female players
I think that women would add class to the game. They could be punters, kickers, place holders. They are a bunch of jobs that women could do!
Female soccer players should be punters. 
Or kickers. That would be great! Little girls would dream of becoming football players! Then again, they should probably dream of being engineers. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.
I am guessing that is because their career lengths are longer.
That's true. Plus you gotta be real smart, and I am certainly not that. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. That's pretty good pay on a per minute basis.
Haha radios in Canada are requires 40 percent of music played to be Canadian.
Canadians want equality! They want to make sure that their own artists get airplay. 
Seriously! Guess it is not the worst idea.
I think the storms on Jupiter probably sound better than most of the Top 40 on the radio these days.
I definitely agree with that. Crazy that radios can pick up the storms in Jupiter.
There are many crazy things on the radio these days, A Finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini' - a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin
That is fascinating.
I know! Isn't it? Anyhows, nice chatting with youse!
You as well!
Oh yeah.
hey there do you like watching Football
Hi! I LOVE watching football. My favorite team is the Green Bay Packers. How about  you?
oh I love the Patriots, I love watching the games but its sad but true theres only 11 mins of gameplay on average in the whole game
That's crazy once you think about it! The games last for about 3 hours and they only play for 3. Makes me wonder how in shape they truly are then lol
haha good question!, what are your thoughts on the chips that the NFL uses to track players?
I never knew about that until now and I don't like it! There's already replay allowed, I don't need every player tracked to tell me more info.  What do you think of it?
ya it is scary, its good for stats because it shows velocity and rotation and stuff, I just want to keep it on the field ya know
Very true! What do you think about the highest scoring game as coming from college? Crazy high too!
ya that score is insane! 222-0 CUmberland must have felt horrible
I'm surprised Georgia Tech even kept trying...at that point I think you'd give pity.  Do you prefer to watch games on tv or listen to them on the radio?
well I like to watch games, I dont use the radio much, do you?
I prefer to watch the games. It's difficult when they're talking about players numbers and position on the field to envision it all at once.
right I agree with you, good thing ESPN created the yellow line, it makes it easier to follow the games on tv
I love the yellow line! What do you think about "football" in other countries...aka soccer or rugby?
well I don't like it myself, I like football, but yes I'm glad ESPN won an emmy for that!
I enjoy watching soccer during the world cup or in olympics, but that's about it.  Funny what an emmy can be won for!
thats true, do you ever watch bowling on tv?
No, I'm not a fan of watching bowling, but I do enjoy going bowling at times. What do you think about the Saints cheerleaders having to leave a restaurant if a player comes in?
ya I think thats really dumb and outdated, I'm shocked they don't sue or sometihing over that, everyone is so sue happy these days
Yes. It's bad enough that they can't be in the same restaurant, but to have to leave when you were there first...barbaric!
I agree with you on that, they should use the radio to warn each other where they will be at all times haha
hi, how are you? do you listen to the radio?
Hey there I do listen to the radio sometimes, I didn't know that you could create a radio out of a razor blade in a pencil though, did you know that?
i did not know that. i wonder how good that radio is though. what can it pick up?
Yes I have no idea how it works. But I do know that they used it in World War II
That is quite inventive in any case. I dont listen to radio much now. i did when i was younger.
Yes I agree. I mostly just listen to YouTube when I'm in the car. Do you ever listen to Canadian radio by the way?
I have listened to canadian radio. it is mostly like american radio.
The one thing that is different is that it is required to have 40% Canadian conent, so that means that 40% of the radio time is made up of Canadian artists
Yeah, i remember hearing a lot of rush, neil young, loverboy. That makes sense.
Yeah and there's probably some Justin Bieber being played too haha. Would you ever listen to a Jupiter radio storm on your radio by the way?
I cant imagine listening to a storm on Jupiter. maybe the solar activity on the Sun? 
Yeah that might be interesting, it also might be interesting to listen to a new station that is red in classical Latin because I would not understand any of it LOL
How many people actually listen to broadcast, i wonder. It is an odd taste, thats for sure.
Yes I wonder how many people can understand classical Latin these days, and apparently there is a online radio station that will play thousands of episodes of radio dramas, and they are completely free, I wonder if they are any good
I would rather listen to those old radio shows. they sound more intereesting. i dont think the kids are interested though.
No I think you're right unfortunately. on a separate note though, do you ever listen to football on the radio? apparently women are allowed to play for the NFL if they are good enough
I dont listen to football on the radio. i used to listen to baseball on the radio. Women in the NFL? i wonder if that will ever happen.
Yeah I don't know. But I also don't know how an average NFL game only has about 10 minutes of Live gameplay, especially since it seems to take hours to watch on TV LOL
Yeah, the spectacle draws a lot of interest, but really it is short lived. i just watch the highlights. that is enough. Anyway, great chat!
Yes great chat. And next time you're watching again look out for the tracking chips that the NFL puts in the player shoulder pads, they can tell all kinds of stats just from how those chips are moving like velocity and rotation!
Thats true! Have a good night!
Thank you you too! And keep in mind that the NFL was created 1920, it's so long ago so that probably explains their crazy rules
Are you a football fan?
Sure! I like the NFL. How about you?
I like it. I wonder if we'll ever see a woman play in it.
Yeah, that would be cool. Though, I can't blame women for not wanting to be a part of a notoriously sexist industry.
There's no written rule that says they can't play. Maybe we could see a woman kicker one day.
Yeah, I've read that somewhere. I just don't think women would necessarily want to be a part of the industry. It doesn't seem like a comfortable working environment. Do you have a favorite NFL team?
I'm a Redskins fan. What about you?
I like the Cowboys. Did you know the first NFL playoff game was played in 1932?
I remember hearing that. They were probably paid in pennies. Bowlers used to make more money than them.
That's crazy. Coaches are paid really well, too.
Do you ever listen to games on the radio?
Sometimes, but I do love the radio. It's kind of nostalgic.
Yeah. Did you know that soldiers used to make radio out of razorblades as pencils?
Yeah, they called them foxhole radios. I wonder what they could pick up on them.
Who knows. Maybe Jupiter. Jupiter has storms so big that you can hear them on AM radio.
That's pretty cool. Or more likely, Bing Crosby. Evidently, they estimate that Bing Crosby recordings filled over half the radio time allocated for music in 1948.
Wow, that's crazy. In Canada, 40% of the music you play has to be from Canadian artists.
That's very patriotic of them. Did you know there's a radio station that translates solar activity?
I did not. I've heard about a radio station in Finland that is conducted entirely in Latin.
That's cool. But yeah, not only does the radio station translate the sun, you can listen to the sun's music. I wonder what it sounds like. Well, it's been nice chatting with you!
I wonder the same thing. Take care.
Hello, do you like football?
Hi. It's not my favorite thing in the world, but I am surprised that there is a rocket scientist who coaches.
Hello. Did you know Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink?
I did. That's hilarious, and it must have been an intimidation tactic. I wonder if GT had theirs painted pink during that 222-0 win over Cumberland?
LOL. That's such a crazy score for a football game.
It is. Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's school? I wonder if it is rapped.
I did not know that. Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
That's amazing. I'm more than a little annoyed to realize that the highest paid employees in the Department of Defense, are football coaches. That needs to be rethought.
I think so too. Do you listen to the radio?
I do. I'm trying to find that station that translates solar sound, so you can listen to the music of the sun.
That would be very cool. I heard you can hear Jupiter storms on Earth.
I would like to hear those too. I didn't know Bill Murray voiced a radio show in the 70's.
That's funny I didn't know that either. In Canada, it's a law for all radio stations to play at least 40% of Canadian music.
Are there even that many Canadian artists? I cannot believe that there are people who don't know who Hanson is, and that the DJ in Chicago was able to get away with playing it on an alternative station.
I have no idea lol. Soldiers in WWII made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode.
My grandfather showed me how to do that. I guess Bing Crosby was very popular in 1948, he dominated the airplay.
That's interesting. Do you like the NFL?
It's okay. I hear there is a coach who used to be a rocket scientist.
I have heard that too. Wonder if he made the embedded chips to track players?
Maybe? Or the ones in the footballs? I think he was an aeronautics engineer, that would make sense if he was involved.
I think it's in their pads. Anyway, it was great talking to you!
So do you know much about football?
I know its a league consisting of 32 teams. :-)  I watch some, grew up with it in the house.
I don't know too much, I do know that Iowa's visitor's locker is painted pink!
That's crazy. Women players are allowed, there's no written rule against them. 
Really? I didn't know that! Good thing!
An average game only has 11 actual minutes of gameplay! Those games take hours, I can't believe how little of it is actually athletic.
Wow! They seem so much longer. The players seem to make a lot of money, but over a lifetime, engineers will ,make more.
No way! That's one of those crazy hard to believe facts.  Like that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in to eat while they are there.
What? that's insane? But there are no rules against them playing?
I've heard it from a reliable source :-) They still have to meet eligibility requirements, just like the men have to.
funny. I heard that the highest score in a game was 222-0! Must have been a great game to watch!
Only if you were on the winning side. Imagine how awful the losing team felt.
Ha! I know, it must be horrible to live with that for the rest of your life!!
Well at least it happened in 1916, no one heard about it like they would in today's world.
Very true! Speaking of a while ago, you know that top bowlers made 2x more than top football player in the 60's?
Bowlers were definitely top tier in the 60's. How funny is that?
I know, but you think of how much football players make now, its crazy!
All professional athletes are paid a lot.  Like a ridiculous amount really.  It's crazy to think about.
I know that's why I was happy to see that engineers make more over a lifetime. Even though many professions should.
That is definitely true. My ex is an engineer and he pulls in bank. 
I guess a lot comes with being a football player. The nfl actually uses tracking chips to record their movements on the field.
That's nuts.  Nice chatting with you!
do you like football?
I do. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on them
I wonder too. Bowlers made more than them in the 60s too
yeah. Do you know the highest score in college football?

Yes it was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yeah and that was back in 1916
Yeah and still holds. Did you know ESPN won and EMmy once?
Yes that was for the superimposed yellow line
I am glad they did that, it has made game watching easier
True. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
Yes the guy that never fumbled the ball. Do you watch tv?
Yes I do. Do you like the SImpsons?
I sure do. There is an episode where Bart does not appear
Yes and he is not even mentioned in it
Yeah. How about That 70s SHow?
I liked it but it really flopped in the UK
Yes after just 10 episodes because it was remade verbatim

Yeah. DId you ever see Pokemon?
Yes I have seen only some of the 750 episodes that are out there
Yeah that is a lot. Nice chat today
Same here
Hi, how are you? Are you following the Colin Kaepernick/Eric Reid drama?
Reid, 26 year old pick out of LSU, played some linebacker out of necessity in 2017
Yes he did. He is in the middle of a lawsuit against the NFL for collusion. SInce he is a top safety, I think he has a good case...
He tweet " people who know football know who can play. people who know me, know my character".
Yeah, he's really talented and shouldn't have been out of the league at all. For a simple protest not to kil African Americans at a disproportional rate compared to whites.
Football is a family of team sports that involve, but we become one nation to achieve for the nation.
Although some find him cowardly, I find Kaepernick extremely brave for giving up football to take a stand against police killing his people. What are your thoughts.
He is best player but the football missed him very much.
Yeah. I get sad when people bang on him but I find him strong and able to start the movement. I find more white people unwilling to learn about him and the movement, which makes it tough to argue with them...
Television sometimes shortened to tele is a great communication medium.
Yes, it is. Is there a favorite communication meidum that you like?
Very much. Television is a mass medium for advertising.
That's interesteding. I really like to watch sports on tv. Do you?
For watching football only i buy the TV. What your favourate team ?
I am from Chicago and move the bears. What about you?
I move to Atlanta. You played tennis ?
Sorry, love the Chciago Bears. I do enjoy tennis. You? Are you watching the Australian open on tv?
Some time i watch it.  Wimbledon is my favourite tournament.
Nice... I want to eventually go and watch that tournament. I think it would be fun. But I also think I would be soooo hot in the stands. Is tennnis your favorite sport?
yes, Its one man show. Strong body and mental required for it.
Sounds good. Nice chatting with you.
I didn't know that there is only 1 episode of "The Simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned
Well, I much less, I find out. And I see that program, I like it
Did you know that the highest score in football game was 222-0, but it was really while ago. It's surprising fact.
Yes, I had read something in particular about it, it's something surprising. They should have played alone in the field, that team weighed the other
I was always surprised that there isn't any written rule against female players in NFL. And still don't understand why women don't play
It's a very strange thing, there are many women capable for these types of sports, but good.
I agree. Well, maybe with average NFL game only 11 minutes of live gameplay, it's not interesting for ladies. 
There will come a time when the first will be encouraged and so will the others
did you know that New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player
How curious is that? Well, I have some thought of some because of it, but. What do you think?
I think it's kind of stupid and old style rule. It doesn't make any sense. 
Well, I suppose it's because of creating bonds in the middle of all this, it's not good for players to have their head in something else
:) it could be true. However, to require to leave a place when NFL player comes... well,I'm not sure in that...
We are not sure of anything, they are pure speculations ... But we must not remove the possibility
true. Did you know that locker room for visiting team in the University of Iowa is completely painted pink?
Or yes, yes ... Also today something about this, it is rumored that it is for the visiting team to know that they are better and this feels less
some people may call it as sort of pressure, but I'm not sure.
To me that could cause me rather desire to cover their mouths and beat them to learn. But hey, all this is part of the show
I agree. NFL is all about performance!
Well of course. What is worth there is the best performance, the better the teams, the better the matches
Yes! My pleasure to talk with you. Have a good day!  
Also, have a great day
Hello hows it going? Do you like football?  I didn't know women can play in the NFL. 
I didn't know that either! It's possible they only allow it because they think it very unlikely a woman will make a team.
Yeah, I don't ever see any play for the NFL though lol Maybe they just value their health,  it is scary being a football player they get injured all the time
Yeah, I wonder if that is why they don't make more than the average engineer!  Their careers tend to be short with all of the injuries
It looks like the use to technology has been beneficial to football,  they put tracking chips in their players!
That is crazy to me, the technology that is in NFL games now.  Like how they were saying that the last time that Jim Nantz called a Dallas-Washington game, it was so much less technical.  No first down lines, no fancy replays. 
The replays nowadays are excellent,  the frame by frame picture and the playback and forward.  Its amazing.  Also,  the way the announcers can kinda draw on the screen,  really techy stuff.
I can't decide if I like the technology or not.  It helps make things fair and makes it nice to watch.  But it probably slows things down.  It was pretty eye-opening that an average game only has 11 minutes of actual live gameplay
yeah,  you are probably right,  11 minutes of game play but the actual event last like 3 hours! lol 
Yep, though somehow, I still watch and enjoy the games.  I can actually remember the season that Jim last called that game, because the Cowboys beat my team that year when they won the Superbowl!  Crazy to think back that far
In the 1960 s bowlers made more than football players.  I guess a lot more people watched bowling more back then!
Ha!  I can't even imagine that.  It shows how much football has changed in the last 60 years, how much players earn now versus then
I know right,  super interesting what was more popular back then.  
I guess I am a pretty casual fan, because I had never noticed the "cross-flexing" thing before.  It is interesting how much they play the ratings numbers now, to get the best games at the best times.  I didn't know that 80% of the country got that late afternoon game
That is a weird tactic,  painting the opposing teams locker room pink?  I wonder what that does?
Anything to get inside their head, I guess!  I guess it is implying they're girly?  The thing that stuck out to me as being the oddest fact was that the Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player!  I wonder what the reason for that is
Probably they can't interact with football players because a distraction?  maybe.  It's pretty rude,  like what if they are not done eating!?
The NFL really is kind of a crazy thing, because this country is just SO into it.  I can't even believe the TV contracts.  A billion dollars for the rights to just half of the games is nuts!  But they can make money on it because the country is full of such rabid fans
True,  football is a huge money maker.  i kinda don't understand it though,  like why its so popular,  so many breaks,  only 11 min of gameplay,  injured all the time,  a ton of penalties,  switching out players,  offense and defense etc. 
In a close game, the slow pace kind of makes the splash plays that much more exciting.  Then again there are games like that last Cowboys-Redskins game they mentioned, where the Cowboys just racked up 38 unanswered points.  And when it's that easy for a team, it's kind of fun to watch your team do well like that.  
True.  Its good chatting,  see ya! 
Are you a fan of either the Redskins or Cowboys?
Well I prefer the Redskins personally. But I do think the Cowboys have a good team this year. What do you think?
I also like the Redskins but the Cowboys have a better team, at least this season, 
Yep I agree. What do you think about the Cowboys coach Jason Garrett? I think he's definitely on the ball right now
I think he was a great backup for Aikman and he is goind a good job, he just needs a better team to get to the Superbowl
Speaking of football, what do you think about the NFL? Who's your favorite team
I love the NFL, my favorite team are the Patriots. they are the best team in the league now
Yes I also love the Patriots and I love Tom Brady! Do you think that the NFL will ever have female players in it though
I dont think so, they seem to be at a disadvange there, its a game of strength so maybe as a kicker
Yes I could see a kicker, I also could see them putting tracking chips on female players in order to compare the stats to male players
I heard the balls also have a tracking chip in them, used to get different interesting stats of the dame
Yes they can get things like rotation and velocity of the ball which is interesting, I wonder if that's how they figured out that there are only about 11 minutes of gameplay in an average NFL game
Only 11 minutes? that seems unfair for the public, last Superbowl lasted like 3 hours 
Yep I agree that's a lot of commercials LOL. Did you watch the Super Bowl on TV or did you go to the game
On TV tickets are just too expensive for my budget, great game though, watched it with friends at home, what about you?
Guess I watched it on TV. That's about the only time when I do watch TV because I mostly watched YouTube stuff, I always like to watch south park as well what about you
South Park was one of my favorite shows I also liked The Simpsons, 
Did you ever see the episode where South Park made fun of Family Guy? And then apparently afterwards The Simpsons Creator sent South Park Flowers because the show was so spot-on LOL
I did, that was a funny one, I guess the crew from both shows are friends with each other
Yes I think so. Did you ever watch the show Pokemon by the way? I watched it a lot when I was in Middle School, and apparently there are over 800 episodes now. I would never be able to "catch" them all
I used to love the show, watched the original series with 150 Pokemons, 
I watch far too much TV. Are you a fan of television?
Yea, I like watching SNL, their longest running skit is Weekend Update
I love that skit. Are you a fan of The Simpsons?
Yea, I love Homer. In the first 400 episodes he held 188 jobs!
Wow! That's an insane amount of jobs. Did you know there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned?
No, that's crazy considering how many episode there are. They recently had Daniel Radcliffe do a voice on Treehouse of Horror XXI
I did not know that. I missed it. Did you see the Family Guy episode of South Park where they pointed out that Family Guy ripped off The Simpsons format?
Yea, those South Park episodes were fun to watch on tv
I agree. After that episode aired The Simpsons crew sent the South Park crew flowers ha ha.
Nice. Have you ever watched Shark Tank? It turns out most deals on the show are never enacted
I am aware of it and how it works but I've never seen an episode. 
Quite deceptive. Apparently Shakespare's The Two Noble Kinsmen has never been adapted for tv or film
I would have thought they were all adapted by now. Are you aware of the show Thomas the Tank Engine?
Yea, I've seen a few episode on the telly as a kid
Did you know that Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin, and George Carlin have all narrated for the show?
No, that's pretty crazy. Did you know the player in football games have tracking chips embedded in their equipment?
I did hear that it was on their person and also on the football.  I wonder what they use that data for?
I know they use the chips to track the footballs velocity, speed, rotation, and location
I wonder why they don't use that data to help make calls then instead of just relying on reviews?
The NFL should also use the data from the chips to help with players safety
I agree with that as well. 
Hello,  do you like football?
Sure, I'm a big Cowboys fan, personally. How about you?
I dont really follow football too much,  but I watch it once in awhile,  I like the 49ers.
Yeah, I find it hard to avoid after awhile. Considering the regular season runs practically four months, then has several months of post-season, it can get a little "in your face" on television.
Absolutely,  sometimes I dont even realize Im watching it,  like on Thanksgiving or something lol 
And then finally, the first Sunday in February when everything shuts down for the Super Bowl.
Yeah,  I hear ya lol Did you know the NFl uses tracking chips?
Yeah, on both the players and the balls? They want to be able to track everything, I guess.
Yeah I guess stats mean a lot in that sport.  Its kinda sad that there is only 11 min of game play yet the event probably takes about 3 hours. 
That must be one of the many reasons engineers make more money over a lifetime than a football player.
Yeah and the injuries!  You hardly hear about an engineer getting injured affecting his career. 
Haha. Yeah, you rarely hear about an engineer only have a fifteen year career because his body finally gave out on him.
Right!  Maybe they would get a sprained wrist from being at the computer so much,  but usually nothing serious.  lol
They're too busy getting paid and making the tracking chips that go in footballs to worry about it. Did you know back in the 60s, bowlers actually made more than football players?
That is really amazing,  real good time to be a bowler!
Definitely. Did you know there's no written rule preventing women from playing in the NFL?
I did,  I had no idea before I read it.  I wonder why we dont see more women playing football.
Probably because it's an incredibly sexist industry, and would be a very hostile working environment. 
Well there are very masculine women who train and build up to play those types of sports. I've seen them at the gym.  I met a woman who played rugby before!  
Oh, definitely! I'm not saying women aren't capable of playing. I'm saying the league is very unfair toward women. They look away from the wife-beating and sexual harassment scandals. In fact, a Saints cheerleader has to get up from the restaurant where she is eating if a player walks in.
Yeah that is very rude.  Why not come up with an itinerary so cheerleaders know not to go there instead of that happening where they might have to leave mid meal.. anyways been great chatting! 
do you like the NFL?
I do actually, Did you know that women can play too?
Yes there is not rule that prevents them from playing
Yes as long as they can meet the requirements they are good to play
Yeah. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of gameplay?
yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours
Yeah. Did you know engineers make more money though over the lifetime?
Well they do have longer careers too though so that makes sense
Yeah they have more time to make money if you think it that way
Yeah. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?

Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
Yes and worst, they also have to leave mid meal when they walk in
Yeah it is sexist and it needs to go really

I agree. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
WOw I wonder if that is supposed to have some impact on them
I wonder too. Bowlers made more money in the 60s that football players

Wow I guess it was a much more popular sport back in the day than football
Yeah true. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes it is 222-0 and Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
Yeah what a score that must have been even for 1916
Yeah that is crazy good. Nice chatting with you.
What do you think about Eric Reid? You think people are not signing him because he's bad or because he won't stand for the national anthem
I would think that would be a reason why teams weren't signing the 2013 first round pick out of LSU.
Yep I think so. Him and Colin Kaepernick definitely got the short end of the straw after they started their activism
Yes they did.  They first did it before a game in Sept. of 2016 and have had nothing but problems since then.
Yep it's interesting that he had an 8.4 million dollar contract and he essentially threw it away by refusing to stand
Wow.  I didn't now how much it cost him.  I do know though that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher compared to that of the lifetime earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.
Yep you're right about that. Also the average NFL game only last for about 10 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is just referees and standing around LOL
LOL For that short amount of time, they do a good job of dragging it out to 3 hours.  Did you know there's no written rule against female players?  I wonder if we'll see on at some point...maybe a kicker?
That's what I'm thinking, we could probably see a kicker, I just hope that she can attend a restaurant with other players, unlike cheerleaders, they're not allowed and they have to leave if a football player enters the restaurant
That is the strangest rule.  What do you think of the tracking chips they are using to record data in players shoulder pads and footballs?  Seems like they're are really getting technical.
I think it's interesting that they can track the stats like rotation and speed, I just hope they can turn the tracking off once the players leave the field
Yes.  Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
Yes it was between Georgia Tech and Cumberland right? Wasn't the score like 222 to 0 or something crazy
Holy smokes!  That's a blowout.  In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that era.  Times have changed since then.
Yep it's definitely the reverse these days. Did you know that ESPN won an Emmy? They did it when they created the yellow line it shows first downs on TV broadcasts of football games
I didn't know they won one for that.  I love that line.  Changed the way we watch football.  Do you watch a lot of television?
Yes I watch television from time to time, I really like watching Pokemon because it reminds me of my childhood, they're almost 800 episodes now
Wow.  My kids were really into it (and even now they are in their 20s they still love it haha).  Did you ever watch that 70s show?
Yes I used to watch that show a lot. What I don't like is that they try to recreate it in the UK Market. It actually flopped over there LOL
LOL I heard about that.  They called it Days Like These.  Did you know that in the Simpsons there is only 1 episode that Bart isn't in and isn't mentioned?
That's what I heard but I never saw that episode, do you think they just forgot about him? What do you think about the episode of Southpark where they made fun of Family Guy? Afterwards The Simpsons Creator sent the South Park creators a set of flowers
Do you watch much television?
I love watching the telly!  Do you have any favorite shows?  I like SNL and the Simpsons.
I like south park and family guy. Simpsons I like also, but it has been a while. Have you seen south park or family guy>?
I like both of those!  In the first 400 episodes of the Simpsons, Homer has held 188 jobs!
that is so many lol. I always thought he just worked at the power plant
Same here!  lol  Weekend update on SNL debuted on the first episode and has been their longest running skit.  That has to be over 40 some odd years!
wow, I never knew that! crazy. Speaking of the simpsons before, did you know there is only one episode that bart wasn't in or even mentioned
I didn't know that!  Did you ever watch Shark Tank?
I used to watch here and there, interesting show for sure. A lot of people get a good shot on there.
Yes....I was surprised to discover though that most deals made on there are never enacted.
really? I wonder why that is, do you know why?
I have no idea.  lol  I just found out about it.  Another interesting tv fact is that only one of Shakespeare's plays has not been adapted for a movie or tv - The Two Noble Kinsmen.
Only one? you would figure there would be many more, wow! Did you ever watch pokemon?
I never really watch it but my kids always had it on.  lol
I always watched it growing up. There was like 750 total episodes. I wonder if they ever caught them all in that many lol
Wow.  That's a lot.  They might have too! lol  Are you a football fan by any chance?
I love football, I like both college and NFL, how about you?
I'm a fan of both!  14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams!
I believe it, I know Michigan's is huge. They are our rivals, I am an Iowa Hawkeye fan, ever heard of them?
I have!  Who hasn't? lol  There's a high school stadium in Allen, Texas that seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build.  That's like a baseball stadium. lol
That is so much for high school, I wonder why they built it lol. It was so nice chatting with you! Enjoy your night!
Hey! Have you been keeping up with NFL games lately?
I like National Football League. Do you like it?
I enjoy watching the games and keeping up with it. My favorite team is the Ravens. Do you have a favorite?
Me also. The Ravens are a professional American football team based in Baltimore, Maryland.
I hope to visit Baltimore to see a home game some day. Have you been watching their games this season?
Sorry I do not see right now. Did any important event happen?
They lost to the Chargers, unfortunately. It was an exciting game to see on TV though. The TV is great for keeping up with these games.
Oh, I missed it. 
Do you like to watch TV?
Of course it is a great entertainment device. I like it very much. Do you like to watch TV?
I really like it too. I don't have as much time to watch as I would like to, but I have some shows I don't miss. What kind of shows do you like?
I was mostly like comedy shows, comedy movies, and  thriller movies.
I enjoy comedy too. Do you prefer comedies with live actors, or animated cartoons?
Both are nice. Mostly like actors.
What is your favorite show?
I like Parks and Recreation. 
Parks and Rec is a really funny show. Ron Swanson always makes me laugh.
Yes Definitely, Do you like this show?
I do like it. It's very fun to watch.
Do you like Pokemon?
I watched it when I was a kid, but I haven't seen all 750+ episodes!
Hello.  Did you watch the Super Bowl?  It was held on the first Sunday in February, right on schedule.
Yes I did. The AFC champion Patriots won the game
Yup... again....  I'm a Raven's fan.  Tony Romo did a nice job.  I wonder how Jason Witten would have done, but he's affiliated with ESPN so I'm not sure how that would have worked.
ESPN and the booger mobile are awful! They lost their sports brodcasting background awhile ago. Now its just social media and advertising
Yup, I used to watch Sports Center religiously, now I might put it on once or twice a year.  They really focus on the NFL, and would really be interested if they ever got a female player.  After all, there is no written rule against it.
Would she feel weird if she got drafted by the Saints. Where the players and cheerleaders are not allowed to eat at the same place?
Yeah, that would be awkward.  She would walk in and the cheerleaders would have to leave.  
Jason Witten was a very good player but still needs some work in the booth. Maybe he can win ESPN another emmy
Maybe some day.  I liked him during his 15 year career, and drafted him on my fantasy football team several times.
He is second in rec and yards as a TE. Thats good fantasy production
For sure.  He and Dez Bryant back in the day made quite the pair.  Plus catching balls from Troy Aikman wasn't too shabby either.
If the average NFL game only has 11 mins of live gameplay. I wonder how much time Witten was actually used
Good point.  I still like watching it on TV though.  Never seen any of the over 750 episodes of pokemon though.  
Thats 16 years worth! I dont think I would be able to stand the ads
I don't I'd be able to stand the show.  50 a year?  I couldn't even get through one I bet.
What about trying to find the 1 episode of the simpsons where Bart is neither mentioned or appears
At least I used to like that show.  Haven't seen it in years though.  I tend to use TV as a mass medium for news.  Even though you need to take it in with a healthy bit of skepticism.
I feel llike if it wasnt for news or sports tv wouldnt survive
Probably not.  Most of the shows are crap now a days.  
Yeah a show called "days like these" only lasted 10 episodes in he UK
Yes, I heard that somewhere before.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you.
have a good day!
Hello there, are you an NFL fan? 
hey there, ya I love the Patriots, what about you?
Oh wow then you have been quite spoiled the last decade or so!  
haha I have! but not spoiled in once sense, nfl games only have about 11 minutes of gameplay haha
That is crazy when you think about it.  I know you notice all the stops much more when you go to a live game. 
ya thats true, I haven't been to a live game in a while, what game did you go to
Oh I have been to Packer games before and I just know you notice it more when going to the games. 
ah I see, whats crazy is theres no rule against female players, would you watch females in the NFL?
I think that would be awesome, they should allow girls in all pro sports, it should be the best players possible. 
yup, if they are the best then they should be allowed to play I think
Exactly, and it would give young girls who are sports fans all kinds of hope and motivation. 
well they shouldn't be too enthused about the salary, do you know an engineer will make more than a pro nfl player?
Yeah I read that, I think it is because the average NFL career is not that long vs. an engineer has a lifetime of working. 
ya that makes sense, doesn't make sense though the rules about the Saints cheerleaders, did you hear about those?
Yeah I read about those as well, that seems pretty outdated but who knows. 
ya, like having to get up and leave if a player walks into a bar or restaurant, it seems absurd
Right, it is a public place, as long as they're not breaking any actual laws that should be ok. 
what do you think of the chips the NFL usees to track the ball and also players?
I think its smart, they need to make the game as safe as possible, the hits to the head are dangerous. 
thats true, I just worry about those chips being used outside the game, thats scary stuff
That is, well its been nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
do you watch the NFL?
I sure do. Did you know that women can play too?
Yes there are no rules that prevent them from playing

Right, as long as they qualify for the game they can play
Yeah. The average game play is only 11 minutes anyways 
Exactly and yet we are glued to the tv forever
I know. Did you know engineers earn more than the players though

Yes I guess their careers are also longer so that makes sense

True. Did you hear of that Saint cheerleaders rule?
The one that they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players?
Yeah and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in

it is so sexist and it really need to go by now

I agree. They are also using tracking chips on the players now
yes they collect info on velocity and rotation and a bunch of stuff
I hope they can use that to make the game safer too

Good point. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
I wonder if that is supposed to have some impact on the players
Yeah me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s
That blows my mind how things have changed now
Exactly. It was nice chatting with you
Same here, have a good one
Hey how are you, do you watch football much?
Yes love NFL!
Cool,  me too. Can you believe bowlers got paid more in the 60s than did the NFL players?
That is crazy.  Did you know espn invented the yellow line?
I did, I think they won an emmy for it too didn't they? Who is your favorite team?
RaiderNation here and Antonio Brown!!!  Maybe we can score 222 points like georgia tech now.
Haha, score a few more points than Cumberland did. AB84 to the Raiders is pretty cool, he seems like  a Raider for sure.
I knew as of Friday.  A bunch of Raider fans who are also Warrior fans saw him at the Warriors game.  He got Currys jersey from him!
That's cool, it is always nuts to remember that the Warriors play in Oakland, they seem like 2 very different teams.
Not as of next Season.  They will be next to the SF Giants lol.  I bet Lebron could play in NFL haha.  Probably not fumble like benjavus green-ellis!
LeBron would be unstoppable as a TE for sure, he'd never fumble either. What do you mean by the SF Giants will be close to them?
They are moving to a new Arena.  It is almost done.  
Ah I gotcha, the Raiders are going to Las Vegas the year after next right?
Yeah, good thing there is only 11 minutes of actual play.  It might be hot there lol.
It'll be getting really hot there. Do you watch a lot of TV?
No worries.  It is inside.  I was kidding.  Yes I watch tv but I stream more.
Yah, TV channels and stations are kind of rip offs now, you have to pay a ton of money each month and still watch a ton of commercials, not a very good deal. You ever watch any of the 750 episodes that were made of the show Pokemon?
It will take me 16 years if I watched one a week
That's a really long time for sure. I was rather surprised to hear that there are only two types of TVs still, black and white and colored TV. Pretty soon there'll be VR TV lol.
I can watch Netflix already with my VR headset!  I want to find that UK knock off of the 70's show lol.
That would be pretty cool, what if we're already in VR now though? Kind of freaky. I'm going to go for a walk though, it was great to chat with you, hope you have a great rest of the day!
hi, how are you?
good, how are you?
I am well. Do you like football?
yes I do. how about you? did you watch the superbowl?
I did. I was rooting for the patriots. Who were you rooting for?
No one I was just watching it. The whole 11 minutes of gameplay
HA! That's not a lot of game play. Did you know there is no rule against females playing?
Yeah I wonder why they do not play though
Maybe because they could make more as an engineer.
haha that is so true. it is sad how little players make really. the coaches make a lot though
Yeah, they are usually the highest paid in the state.
yeah. snoop dog though wrote a song for his son's football team
really? Iowa's visitng locker room is pink.
 wonder if there is a reason behind that
Psychological. I am not sure it works though because bowlers used to make more.
they did for sure. do you know where is the largets high school football stadium in the us?
No, where?
in allen, texas
Wow. Leave it to texas to put too much money into high school football.
I know. It holds 18000 people and cost $60 million to build
Nice chatting with you!
did you ever watch Pokemon? apparently there are over 750 episodes of it
I did, and I played Pokemon Go, did you play? 
I did for a bit yes! I didn't get a ton of pokemon but I did play and I liked it, I played the original red and blue versions on gameboy as a kid
I liked paying the game, but it got redundant where I live. Apparently, a lot of people played it. 
ya thats true, you have to travel to different places to get different pokemon, and only some pokemon were given away at special events, and some are locked to certain countries, it just seemed too impossible
Yeah, I liked the game. I also liked the show that 70s show, apparently they tried to make a UK version. 
ya I remember that, and it was cancelled after like 10 episodes! Oh well they're missing out over there
I didn't know that Ringo Starr voiced Tank the engine though. 
wow I didn't know that, I did know that George Carlin did some voices for Thomas the Tank, I wish he would sneak in some jokes then I'd actually watch that show haha
Apparently the new tvs have OLED, so does the new iPhone. I'm debating whether or not to upgrade. 
ya I don't know, it depends what your current phone is, I have a pixel xl 2 so I have a great phone I'm good waiting for a while
LOL, I still have the iphone 5s, I've never used a case and dropped it a million times. It won't die. 
haha well that phone is pretty old, maybe get a new one so you can watch nfl games on it, apparently the average game only has 11 minutes of actual live gameplay
Not surprising, when I watch the games at the bar, it is mostly clock watching. 
ya, espeically near the end when they're using timeouts, I can't believe in teh 60's that bowlers made more than top football players
I can believe it. That is crazy, but years ago bowling was likely a more popular sport. 
ya that's true, it was in the flintstones and everything haha, also crazy that an engineer will make more in their lifetime than the average football player, very shocking
It has to take into account for the players that don't last long and are low pay. 
ya thats true, also the ones that get injured, did you like the simpsons as a kid? theres only one episode where Bart is both not mentioned and doesn't appear
Yeah, Bart. He was hilarious back in the day. That show is great, I've only seen the first 5 seasons though. 
ya, after season 7 or 8 I think it went downhill, but I did love it as a kid! 
Good evening!  Are you a football fan or at least looking forward to the Super Bowl tomorrow?
I am looking forward to the Super Bowl tomorrow. Most likely, I look forward to the halftime show. Do you know who's performing?
I heard it is Maroon 5.  I'm sure there set will be about 15 to 20 minutes long, which might actually be longer than the actual live gameplay of the game itself!
Then, I will definitely be looking forward to them. I hope they perform the old songs and Maps! However, I will be watching the whole game and the commercials.
When it is actual game time, look out for the superimposed yellow first down line, which ESPN won an emmy for.
I remember that! This is getting more exciting by every message I see. They deserve it!
I'm glad that ESPN doesn't get the game though. Have you heard any of their issues since taking over Monday Night Football a while back?
What do you mean that they don't get the game? Well, there are a few people considering the job.
CBS hosts the game.  Obviously ESPN will be part of it, but I hope that the game is always on "free" tv.  Plus ESPN just hasn't done that great with the actual NFL games.
Now, it makes sense. Is that sarcasm because it is never free? NFL is good overall.
I meant for the people watching since NBC, CBS, or Fox usually host the game and those don't cost consumers (beyond the television and possibly an antenna), whereas ESPN requires additional pay to watch.   
That is true. Speaking of television, "Shark Tank" never enacted most deals. Seems reasonable because the products that consumers create seem ridiculous to make it a reality.
That is interesting and I never knew that!  It's hard for me not to see "Tank" and not think of Thomas the Tank Engine.  Did you know some famous stars like Alec Baldwin, Ringo Starr, and George Carlin have all narrated the show?
I remembered watching the episodes when I was little. And I heard about that! That makes me want to do back and identify their voices.
They all have such distinct voices too!  It's crazy to think in the relatively early days of television that bowlers made more than football stars.
Actors make more money than bowlers and football players. However, I heard of that as well. I wish bowling was easy though.
I think all sports tend to be tough because some people just really have a knack.  While I think it might be difficult, maybe someday a woman will suit up and play in a Super Bowl since it is technically not against NFL rules.
Well, they have practices every other day to develop strength and stability. I believe so. Look at high school football. Coaches are welcoming of both genders to condition into football.
Yet despite all of that, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't even eat in the same restaurant as the players.  If a player walks in the cheerleader has to leave.
Isn't that a little sexist?
I don't know the reason for the rule unless they just think it is a bad image?  Great chat, enjoy the game and halftime show tomorrow!
did you know that Trump wouldn't make the list of top 3 most wealthy presidents?
No, but this is just his first term in office.. Who knows what the future holds? He might make a blockbuster pop album (like the President of Indonesia) which might put him over the top!
haha that is true we can't count that out! not just 1 but he could make 3 or more albums if he wants to top that president of Indonesia!
Who knows. He's friends with Kanye West these days. It could happen! I wonder if Kanye stayed at the President's guest house when he came to Washington recently. After all, the guest house is bigger than the White house!
ya that is wild, you would think it'd be the opposite, can you imagine if we had the old rules where the runner up became VP? Hillary as VP and Trump as President!
I would love to hear Trump say to Hillary, "You're Fired!"  I can't imagine the types of things the fake media would focus on then. With all the bizarre reporting, at least they don't call him President Banana, which is what they called the first President of Zimbabwe
haha ya I would love for him to have her come into his office and then tell her she's FIRED, do you watch football at all? I guess there is no rule against women playing for the NFL so we will probably see that in our lifetime if they are good enough
That is true in the NFL, but I am not sure if it is true in other forms of football, like rugby, canadian football, Gaelic football, etc. Does that mean we would see male Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders too?
To be honest nothing would surprise me anymore, weren't they talking about making cheerleaders more equivalent and having men as cheerleaders? Like I am pretty sure that is a thing they're working on.
College football has male cheerleaders on the squads. I remember seeing them at a University of Iowa game. I also heard that their visitors locker room was pink.
lol, that is funny, ya I saw that is in Iowa's away team locker room, I'm frankly shocked the team wasn't arrested for intolerance or gender discrimination given today's overreactions and political climate
I think political correctness has gone too far lately. 
ya now that sounds like a complete opposite of today, what is shocking to me is that there is only about 11 mins of actual live gameplay during an average football game, seems like that is low
And most of that is hang time for punts!  Lots of surprising trivia about football. Did you know Patriots running back, Green-Ellis, has never fumbled the ball? I wonder if he still plays for the Pats and if so, if he will play this weekend.
I did not know that, I hope that the Pats win the Superbowl again this year, Tom Brady is a great American
Well, I hope he stays healthy and can play a few more seasons. I'm sure he needs the cash An average lifetime earnings for an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings for an NFL player. And Brady has a model wife he has to feed!
haha that is true! I did read that his wife actually makes more money then he does. I don't know what she does but I found that to be really wild!
I hope the score of the superbowl game is high. Not as high as that historic  222-0 Georgia Tech romp  over Cumberland!

that is true that's a crazy score! I think once it hit 100 to 0, I would just turn the game off and know which side was the winning team haha
But if you turned the TV off, you would miss those Emmy award winning virtual yellow lines ESPN puts on the field. That is worth the price of admission!
yes and I'd also miss the male cheerleads! What would I ever do without both those things! haha
Hey! Do you like football?
I sure do. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
really? That is too funny! I bet the visitors love that! Do you like the Cowboys football team at all?
To be honest I do not have a favorite team, just enjoy watching the games
Oh, I am the same way. I was reading an article about the Cowboys player Dak Prescott and his stance on protests during a football games national anthem. He says he feels at peace at games and won't protest with some other players , pretty interesting.
I see that is interesting. Did you know that bowlers used to make more than football players  in the 60s?
They did? That is odd lol, you would never think that! Just like I couldn't believe the football game that was won with a score of 222-0 that had to be a crazy game!
I know Georgia Tech made history by beating Cumberland back in 1916
Exactly! I like the fact that the NFL has no written rules against a female becoming a player, as long as they meet all eligibility requirements. I wonder if there has ever been a female football player.
I wonder too. ANd I mean there are only 11 minutes of game play so maybe it is not that bad after all
True, but I wouldn't want to get tackled by a 250 pound man either lol, players can get as many as 60 hits per game....no way lol, that's a lot. I would rather be an engineer and make more money than an NFL player does lol.
Yeah I guess it makes more sense since engineers have longer careers as well
Yep, but they keep their body and brain intact for sure. Football is a rough sport. I wouldn't even want to be a Saints Nfl cheerleader, they can't even eat at the same restaurant as the players...
Yes and the worst part is that they are required to leave mid meal too if the players walk in
That is a ridiculous rule, I wonder if that is still true or if the NFL has changed that rule. I hope so. 
I hope so too because otherwise it is just so sexist and wrong
I definitely agree. I think the NFL is probably better at treating the cheerleaders better than that in current times. They need to concentrate on keeping track of the players skills by using the tracking chips in their shoulder pads, and in the football.
I know. Maybe they can use the info to make the game safer
Exactly! Anything to make football safer is a good thing! 
Yeah. On another topic do you know much about presidents?
I don't really. I just do my duty and vote for whoever I think is best for our country, that's about it. I care but politics gets so crazy. 
I know too much sometimes. Nice chatting with you
do you watch football?
Yes I do. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
I wonder if it is supposed to have some effect on the players
I wonder too. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
True. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
Yes it is Georgia Tech versus Cumberland, 222-0
Yeah pretty big for a game in 1916
Yeah I know. Did you know ESPN won an EMmy?
Yes they won it for the superimposed yellow line
Yes I am glad they did because makes watching the game on tv easier
True. Did you know that women can play in the NFL too?
Yes if they qualify and meet the requirements of the game
Yeah. THe average game is only 11 minutes of active participation
Yes and we are yet glued to the tv for hours to an end
True. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah about them not being able to eat in the same place as the players.
Yeah that is so sexist and really has to go by now
I know and the worst is that they have to leave mid meal too if they walk in
Yeah true. DO you know much about the presidents?
I sure do. Do you know who the top three wealthiest ones are?
Yes that us Washington, JFK and Jefferson
