Do you know who Emily Dickson is? 
Emily Dickinson? The poet? I do! "Tell all the truth, but tell it slant" she once said. Do you like her poetry?
Yeah she was an icon she died in 1886 at the tender age of 55.
Though she was reclusive, she lived an interesting 55 years. Do you know much about her life?
I did not unfortunately! I hear over the years she shared at least 250 poems with Susan her close friend before marrying Austin. 
Yes. she wrote hundreds and hundreds of poems, but they were locked away in a drawer, and a critic said that there were many arresting phrases, nothing scanned or rhymed properly, and so he declined to help get them published. 
Did you kow theres a poem when read normally is depressing but when read backward is uplifting? 
Wow! That is certainly different than Emily's poetry.  There's such a diversity in poetry. It's no surprise, since poetry dates back to prehistorical times. Did you know some of the first poetry was hunting poetry in Africa?
Yes and and extensively throughout the history of the empire of the Nile, Niger and Volta river valleys. 
Yes. Some of the earliest written poetry in Africa is found among Pyramid texts, written during the 25th century, BCE! Of course, poetry spread throughout the world, too. 
Wow i did not know that. Edgar Allen Poe received 9.00 for the raven,can you believe that? 
Just $9? You know, art, music, and poetry were once Olympic sports? Can you imagine Edgar Allen Poe as an Olympian?
I can not but the fact that those parts of our culture use to be in the Olympics is amazing. They should bring that back.
Yes, poetry does seem to have lost some respect. In the past, the Vikings were warrior-poets, and poetry was considered a gift from Odin himself.
Now that's interesting. Homers Odyssey was one of my favorites. 
Ah yes! Quite an epic, isn't it? And Homer wrote the Iliad, as well. 
Bringing back so many memories, i think i might listen to that soon. Demetri Martin wrote a 224 word palindrome poem. 
Funny! You really can do so much with poetry! There's also a poem that's 274 lines, and features about 800 irregularly pronounced English words. It's called The Chaos. I'd like hear that one read out loud!
Yeah that seems like the right name for it. Do you listen to or play the piano? 
Funny you should ask! I was just going to ask if you knew that they used to call typewriters "literary pianos"! Isn't that funny? I like to bang on the keyboard every now and then! What about you?
That's all i do is bang on them while missing the keys i'm aiming for, lol! Nice chatting with you. 
Good thing you're not playing on an old steam piano! They'd hear you for miles around! Goodbye!
Well maybe not on Mars, haha, Goodbye. 
Did you know the richest superhero is black panther?
Is that the character in the 2018 film, or the actor who played the role?
I think it is the character. I will check closer.
Okay. Have you seen the film? Heard it was nominated for Oscars...
I haven't yet but I plan to.
Me, too. Understand that symbols and script were based on 4th century Nigerian story. Costume designer won an Oscar, I think...deserved to, at least...
Interesting. Costume designing would be a fun occupation.
Agree. One young star in the film, Chadwick Boseman, was sponsored to an Oxford, England theater program by a "private benefactor". Turned out to be the great actor, Denzel Washington. Fun fact?
Wow! That is interesting.
Glad script made black panther richest superhero, over characters like Tony Stark (Iron Man) and Bruce Wayne (Batman). Why not??
True! If you want a superhero make him really rich.
And of noble ancestry! This nearly all-black film is possibly the biggest performance work to come along since Gershwin's black folk opera, Porgy & Bess. That was produced in the 1940's! About time??
That's amazing. 
Yes. Disney Studios owes something to the black community, too. In the 50's, Disney did a really prejudiced film about blacks called "Song of the South". Ever see it??
There were so many racists shows back in the day. Never saw that one.
True!! You didn't miss anything. Marvel Comics character was not named after the 70's Black Panther Party, though studio almost called film, Black Leopard.
That doesn't sound as scary.
You're right! Don't think there are black leopards, are there??
LOL I don't know. You wouldn't be able to see their spots. 
True. Have a "panther" of sorts in my own house, snuggled by my feet at the moment. American shorthair with tiger stripes & leopard-yellow eyes. About 5 months old...Do you like cats?
I like all animals. I dog sit a lot lately. It was nice chatting with you. I hope you have a nice day.
What arts do you enjoy? Music? Poetry?
Hi there. I was an English major in college, so even though I took a lot of literature classes, I appreciate poetry, too. What about you?
I took some poetry in high school and I still remember learning about palindromes
Did you know that the comedian Demetri Martin wrote a 224-word palindrome poem? That's a lot of thinking and reading backwards!
I can't even begin to comprehend how it would go
There is also a poem that when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring. I think that's impressive, as well.
I think that in itself is pretty inspiring
Yes, some works of poetry like the Epic of Gilgamesh are pretty, well, epic, for lack of a better word haha. They try to take you to another time and place.
It is pretty amazing how literature allows us to build worlds within our minds
Speaking of other worlds, isn't it crazy how much we've learned about Mars, to the point where there's a colonization project planned for 2023?
Didn't the plan to colonize mars recently get canceled?
Apparently this colonization is being funded by a reality TV show, although who knows if it is actually a viable idea. Science and entertainment aren't always the best marriage.
I mean when a single mistake can kill you, I don't think a reality tv show environment is conducive either
It's really one of the lower forms of entertainments--definitely not up there with classical piano and such elevated forms of artistic expression. Do you like piano music?
I wonder if linchens and cyanobactera were planted on mars by people, would they evolve into new life forms?
I bet the amount of time it would take for that would be longer than life on Earth would be around to observe it haha.
Perhaps. I hope when they colonize mars they would at least bring along a piano
Yes, although it it a luxury item that would probably increase the payload too much to be practical. Also, due to atmospheric differences, the sounds it creates would have a higher pitch on Mars.
Perhaps they would make it somehow there? I mean people a piano on the highest mountain peak in the uk.
The British can be pretty crazy. On April 18, 1930, the BBC broadcast piano music because they decided there was no news worth reporting.
I wouldn't say that is crazy. Piano music is just that good. It has actually been used to deter crime successfully in public spaces
That's interesting. They've had about 300 years to perfect it since it was invented in Italy around 1700, so I hope it would be good!
Indeed. In any case, thank you for the pleasant chat. Hope you have a wonderful day.
Are you familiar with summit meetings?
Hello! I know a little, how about you?
I have a passing knowledge that they are meetings for international heads of state or government to discuss important topics and perhaps come to a mutually good agreement
Yes, it is very important, the term summit was not used until the Geneva summit back in 1955, after the cold war era the number of sumiit events increased.
They can also be very passive aggressive as when the Canadian prime minister said "I guess I will shake your hand, but I only have one thing to say. You need to get out of Ukraine."
Wow,I read that during a g20 summit, Russia gave heads of state thumb drives and phones chargers that had trojan viruses to pick up their computer and phone data, that's pretty crazy!
I wonder if there were any real consequences when they were found out
I don't know but I would think that would cause a lot of problems to say the least. Like back in 2007 an Austrailian satire group impersonated the Canadians and entered a secure zone of an apec of world leaders...they were only caught when one man was dressed as Osama Bin Laden, 
I understand they are doing something important, but I feel that sometimes what they are doing isn't as important like awarding eve online a world summit award for e content and creativity. Recognition for the creators of the game is nice, but you would think they have bigger fish to fry
Right? I would think the same thing! I was reading about an Olympic Gold Medalist getting a Breast Cancer diagnosis, she had reached the summit of the sport which she was a US pioneer. She won the 1st medal in cross country skiing for the US, do you watch the Olympics?
.I watch it as well as the fifa world cup
It is just sad she went from winning a gold medal and only 2 months into retirement...and gets such a bad diagnosis. She says she will beat it though, great frame of mind. Yes,FIFA is the most widely viewed and followed sport event in the world.The American team has never placed below 3rd since 1991 in the women's world cup.
I'm excited for the world up in qatar in 2022 despite the city not yet existing
I heard that! I wonder how that is supposed to work lol, an non existing city....but definitely exciting! 17 countries have hosted the world cup, pretty awesome!
i guess despite not net economic gains for hosting they do get benefits like prestige, recognition, and tourism that make it work investing in a high tech new city 
Exactly, getting that many people in one place is surely good for the economy. 
I think building the city would also generate jobs
Right, and that is something that is needed. I like it that The US got 3rd place in the first FIFA back in 1930.
Indeed, given the US's impressive track record of always impressive at least 3rd since 1991, I am looking forward to their performance in the next world cup. In any case, I thank you for the pleasing chat.
Exactly. Thank you so much it has been nice! 
To you as well. Have a nice day.
Do you watch soccer?
I sure do. DO you know where the world cup is taking place in 2022?
Yes in Qatar but the city does not exist yet
Yeah. Did you know the US got third place when the cup first started
Yes but since 1930 they have not done very well after that
Yeah I know but the women's team is still doing very well
Yeah very true. Did you know host countries of the cup have no economic gains from it?
And yet they bid on it to host it, I do not get it
Yeah me either. Do you have a favorite pair of shoes?
I think my runners as they are comfy and you?
Me too. Did you know Stephon Marbury always leaves his cleats in the field after the game?
Hmm do not know but know that he once promoted shoes for free, and they cost $15 each pair. SO why?
Wow, he did to promote homelessness. What a guy
Did you know ballet dancer go through 4 pairs of shoes in a single week?
Yes lots of shoes. Did you know 5000 year old shoes are better than they are now?
Yeah that is pretty interesting, they need to crack that secret
Right? Do you know how to keep your shoes smelling good?
Yes you can use tea bags, and it works super well
Yeah they do. Did you know in fashion shoes are sometimes just a decoration?
Strange but ok,. There are so many designs though based on culture alone
Yes that is true and that determines if they have heels or not as well
Hello, do you like soccer?
Yes.  I sometimes watch the FIFA World Cup.  
Nice. Do you know that in 2022 will be held in Qatar but no one knows the name of the city?
Wow, I feel for those that have to print stuff for it.  I didn't realize the U.S. got 3rd place in the first FIFA World Cup in 1930. 
Yeah but they have not done great since then. Women's team has done great though
I'm surprised that there are no economic gains for countries that host the World Cup. 
Yes they keep doing it. Go figure. Hungary did pretty well between 1950 and 1956 it seems
I wonder how Spain does.  The are the only country that's a permanent guest at the G20 summit. 
Yeah that one is interesting why they keep doing that. Have you heard of Eve-online game?
No. Have you ever heard of using dry tea bags to absorb odors in shoes or gym bags? 
Yeah I actually use them sometimes, it does indeed keep them very fresh and smelling good.
I'll have to try that. I'd also like to try the 5000 year old shoes that are supposed to perform better than modern shoes. 
Yeah I wonder if anyone cracked that secret. They might work better for ballet dancers who go through 4 pairs in a week
I'm sure NIKE is on it. Wouldn't you be suspicious if Russia gave you a thumb drive at the G20 Summit? 
Yeah I guess so. Did you know in 2007 an Australian satire group impersonated the Canadian motorcade and entered the summit?
Ha, that's funny.  Was it Bob and Doug McKenzie? 
I have no idea what their names were but do you know how they got caught?
Someone was dressed like Bin Laden.  I bet some security staff people got fired. 
Yeah that must have been strange. Do you know the NFL wide receiver Steve Smith?
No.  I wonder if he took ballet and went through 4 pairs of pointe shoes a week.  Some NFL players have to take ballet. 
He actually left his cleats in the field to raise awareness about homelessness. Nice chat
Did you know that pianos were invented around 1700 by an Italian?
I did not, who was the person who invented them? Piano does sound italian though I suppose
He was named Bartolomeo Cristofori.  I agree that he couldn't have picked a more Italian name for his invention.  Can you guess who used the same piano as Paul McCartney when he recorded Hey Jude?
I would guess it would be Freddie Mercury in that case?
You are right my friend.  When he recorded Bohemian Rhapsody.  Two very epic songs
It sure was an epic two songs, pianos make everything better too, so melodic
They do.  I wished I played piano.  I should know how, my parents had one, but I never took the time to learn it...
Did you ever hear about the climbers who climbed a mountain and found a piano on the top?
Yes, I believe in was in 2006 in britain, not any mountain, but the highest one.  How could that happen?
I am not sure, someone must have been playing a joke or something, use a helicopter or something
Pianos are very heavy, I have a hard time believing even an helicopter could pull something off like this, but you are right, there's no other logical explanation.
We may never know I guess. maybe they used a private jet, like Arnold Schwarzenegger does
Yeah.  The ex-Governor of California who keep saying that environment is important, yet he commuted to work by private plane everyday. 
I guess if its 3 hours by jet, it would be a very long drive, but still, just move
Exactly.  You can't tell people to save the planet while you're polluting it by the worst transport mode possible.  It's not like he can't afford a second home closer to work.
To each their own I guess, governors let power get to their head sometimes. Like when the North Dakota governor seceded from America
Some do some good though, like Ralph Lawrence Carr who refused the internment of Japanese-Americans during the second world war. 
that is an awesome thing to do, i think that is one of the darkest parts of WW2 personally
On our side of the world, yes, but it wasn't much better in these nazi camps....
That is for sure, that is just a dark time in history, before the ease of accessing information 
Hopefully, the fact that now internet allows you to chat with stranger and exchange information will prevent this from happening again.  Have a great day.
That is true, it makes it a lot harder to hide injustices. thank you, you as well!
Hi, how are you?
Good, thanks, how are you?
I am well, thanks. Do you play any instruments?
I used to play the piano and flute but haven't in a while. How about you? Did you know that there is a piano at the top of britain's highest mountain? It was discovered in 2006.
Wow. Who put it there? In 1930, the BBC had no worthy news so they just broadcast piano music. Seems logical!
Hmm, I don't know if people know who put it there. No idea how it got there without people noticing. Ha. There was also a piano on the Airship Hindenburg. It weight 356 pounds, light for a piano!
Who has the strength or will to drag a piano up there? That is light for a piano. I wounder what it sounds like?
Hmm, perhaps it was a team of people. Seems like an awesome place to play though. Have you heard of the song circus galop? That song is for stress testing auto pianos. humans cannot play it.
I had no idea. Im on spotify and will have to check it out. There's one piano that can crank out hits though.  It was used for Hey Jude and Bohemian rhapsody.
Nice! My parents actually bribed me to take piano lessons by saying I could take horseback riding lessons as well. Did you know that two high school students rode their horses to school on no vehicles day and got suspended? Haha.
What? That seems like such a great idea! Why not reward their ingenuity?
Right? I'd really like to ride an Icelandic horse. They have a fifth speed, a tolt. It's like speedwalking!
HAHA! I am picturing a speed walking horse, the the speed walkers from the olympics. With beadbands and wristbands...
That is a hilarious picture! Lipizzaner horses seem pretty cool too. They are born black or brown and then turn completely white after about 6 years.
Probably the stress from raising a family. 
Ha, funny. Have you watched movies with Clint Eastwood on horseback? Apparently there are many. Clint Eastwood actually had a mid life allergy to horses.
I have not. Now that I thiink about it, I have not seen many clint eastwood movies... Gran Tourino may be the only one.
Yeah, they were mostly movies made a long time ago. Speaking of things from history, even further before that Dalmatians were associated with firefighters because they would calm and protect the horses, for the horse and carriages that firefighters used back then.
I was just wondering about that the other day. Thanks for sharing that!
Sure, I think Dalmatians are still really cool dogs!
Nice chatting with you!
Do you enjoy music?
I love music, I especially enjoy classical music where the piano shines through and you can hear the relaxing sounds of the strings being struck by hammers. Do you?
I agree, the piano is a wonderful instrument producing what is arguable the most beautiful of sounds
Lady Gaga, Freddie Mercury all play piano but Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian Rhapsody that Paul McCartney used to record Hey Jude, both amazing songs.
Really? what piano is this? must be famous if so many amazing people used it
Exactly! Though I don't think it's the same piano that was found at the top of Britain's highest mountain, I'd imagine those strings and sounds would be frozen.
In any case, you have to respect Cristofori for making such a complex, yet beautifully sounding instrument so long ago in the 1700s
Is that who invented the piano, not familiar with who Cristofori is.
Ya Bartolomeo Cristofori created the acoustic piano in Italy several centuries ago. I wonder how he got the idea to make such a instrument
I see, thanks for clarifying, he is a genius. I wonder how he would feel to know that some one created an aluminum grand piano to put into the lounge of a spaceship and weighs only 356 pounds!
I wonder if it being aluminum gave the piano any other special quality in regard to sound
I'm thinking it would sound like chimes, a bit more soothing perhaps it is probably just as soothing as the song composed solely by stress testing auto pianos is.
I don't think aluminum would survive the circus galop for some reason. I feel like the metal will bend
That's a good point. I was surprised to see that Texas elected their first female governor before some states even ratified the 19th amendment, it would seem to me that Texas was a more conservative state.
It is a shame such people didn't have more sway. There were also a person called Ralph carr who was the only governor who opposed the internment of japanese americans in wwii
Wow, just one person, I'd actually like to know how many people felt the same way but was afraid to speak up for fear of being criticized as 'unpatriotic' or something.
I mean being unpatriotic is being like north dakota's governor who declared martial law and seceded from the us back in 1934
Was the secession successful back then? I don't recall whether or not any states actually seceded back then?
He tried, but what matters now is that we are one country. Not the us and north dakota
I agree and that was emphasized by The Beatles song "come together", luckily they had so much sway and power for the public to embrace the united we stand mentality.
I totally agree. In any case, thank you for this enjoyable chat.
Are you a Marvel comics fan?
Yes, I am. 
I did not know that the super hero thing has been around since the 1930'S. Did you?
No. I knew most of them were from comics from many years ago, but I did not know they were from the 30s. I did not know that they had kept Spiderman and not all the characters. They are all so integral to Marvel. 
I had no idea that superheroes are registered and that there are over 300!
Me neither! I love that Marvel was able to successfully argue that mutants are not people. Pretty cool information. I also love how they make up some heroes for their fans, like BlueEar
I have not seen all of the movies but I did see infinity war. I thought the avengers were very cool!
I have seen every single movie from Marvel and some from DC. I feel like if you have not seen enough Marvel movies then it is hard to connect with the characters on the level that Infinity Wars demanded. As the characters vanished, it broke my heart. 
OMG! I bet it did! You are a fan! I find it interesting that Lou Ferrigno has been involved since the 1970s as the hulk.
Yes, I am a huge fan of Marvel. I was also a child when Lou Ferrigno had the TV series. I did not know that Jarvis (the voice actor) has not seen the films. I think that is kind of disgraceful. 
Aww that is. I also think that I have heard interviews on NPR by Stan Lee. I know he invented a bunch of comic book heroes for Marvel.
Stan Lee was quite brilliant in his creation and handling of Marvel. It's a shame he recently passed. I think the thing I loved most about Infinity Wars, Avengers, and others like it, are that they had so many superheros in it at once. It gave the film so many opportunities to explore different story lines etc. 
I find it fascinating that there was a series about fixing the damage caused by super heroes. 
I agree,it makes sense though as they cause a lot of damage. lol I like that there was a spinoff to Garfield about a Superhero. That's pretty  neat. 
I think that is so cool. The creator of Garfield went to Ball State and my sister babysat for him. I like that Garfield and his friends were all super  heroes.
WOW, that is amazing! My cousin does Comicons and makes his own costumes. He has won awards for his Ironman and Transformers
The fact that Normal man was a reverse hero on a super hero planet is creative!
I agree. I also love Guardians of the Galaxy. Groot is my favorite. It hurt to see him disappear.
I did not know that Disney can not use the big Marvel characters in its theme parks. I have been to the spiderman ride in Universal Studios.
I need to look up access, as I did not know that this character existed, so I guess I do not know about all Marvel things. 
I had never heard of access and they think it is to keep the two companies separate! How confusing!
I agree. Funny how much legal stuff there are between them. They should just  join forces. 
That would definitely be like Disney combining with Universal. I like that the Marvel Comics began in 1961.
Me too. It's been great talking to you. Have a great day. 
Thank you!
Bye
Hello, do you like superhero movies?
Hello. Yes, I like some superhero movies like the spider-man ones, what about you?
I love Spiderman!  Infinity War was great though.  Spiderman was in it!
Cool! did you watch ant-man and the wasp? Looks like is a fun movie
Yes, I have seen it too. Paul Rudd is funny
i like how a superhero is also a dad!!.. Reminds me of a superhero called "normalman".. did yo ever hear of that?
Haha.  He lived with superheroes all around him.  Maybe he was a pet.
A superhero with no powers in a world of super heroes, that is unique!! did you know there are more than 300 registered superheroes in the US?
I heard!  Suprised there is not more since Superhero fiction has been around since 1930
Wow that is a very longtime!! Marvel started in 1939 long time too
Love Marvel.  Sony could have owned it but just got Spiderman alone!
Yes they missed the oportunity and now the superheroes are more popular than ever!!
Did you know they created a hearing aid for a super hero to motivate a child to wear his?
That is so cute.. yes it was for a 4 year old boy!!
Yes! Did you know Garfield has a spinoff named pet force?
I did not know but I am going to search for that book series!!
Me too.  Did you know infinity wars was shot entirely with Imax?
No I did not know.. Thats is cool!'did you know that avengers helped increase shawarma sales? 
I saw that on the news haha.  Nice talking to you and take care
Well you are right, its been nice to talk about superheroes, take care!
Take care
Hello how are you doing?  Do you like Marvel comics? In 1998, marvel offered the cinematic rights of almost all of its characters to sony for a mere $25 million. sony rejected the offer, and only purchased the rights to spiderman for $10 million believing that movie audiences would only care about him.
Wow, they would have made a ton of money had they taken the deal.  And I am ok, thank you. 
Heres another fun fact! Marvel successfully argued in court that mutants are not people and thus got to pay the lower rate on x-men "toys" instead of the higher rate for dolls because they are not human.
I guess people will argue over anything if it involves money.  Did you know Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel Comics at one point?
Wow of course he did lol did you know Avengers: infinity war is the first film ever to be shot entirely with digital imax cameras
No I didn't know that, very interesting.  I did know that it did very well at the box office. 
It was a great movie,  did you see it?  The sequel is coming out this year!
No I didn't see it but I would like to.  I will try and go see the sequel but not before I see the first. 
There are over 300 registered superheroes in the united states.
I didn't know that, that is a ton!  I do know that superheroes have been around since the 30's. 
Me either!  
I also guess there are at least 30 superhero movies set to come out from 2016 and throughout 2020. 
wow thats a lot lol There is actually a superhero called "normalman." he was the only person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes.
That is too funny, I know they made a blind superhero as well. 
Thats definitely a super hero,  super hearing!  lol Marvel comics creator stan lee wrote 15 dc comics, re-imagining popular superheroes like batman and superman
Yeah Stan Lee was an awesome guy.  It was sad to see him go. 
I know right!  I read somewhere that everytime he ended a phone call he would say "excelsior" lol
I think I've heard that before lol.  I guess in marvel's main universe, isaac newton was once a supreme sorcerer! 
Well how did he become that?  I need that on my resume,  supreme sorcerer or graduated from Hogwarts.  
Yeah that would be the best thing you could have on there lol. 
Right!  lol its been fun talking to you,  have a good one! 
Good morning to you there partner. Do you like Amazon? I think Bezos is a genius for creating it on July 5, 1994.
Hello there, I do I use it quite a bit.  How about you?
Yeah, I use it all the time! I love how they have a deal with USPS and can deliver on Sunday.
Yeah I remember getting a package on Sunday for the first time and thinking, hey this is ok lol. 
Yep it is really awesome. The Amazon warehouse workers work hard and they walk between seven and 15 miles each day to for fill orders.
That is pretty crazy, I wouldn't think that a warehouse worker would walk that much. 
Now that's a lot of exercise. IMDB has been owned by Amazon.com since 1998!
I didn't know that, very interesting, I wonder what else they all own?
Yes me too. I know that they also have a publishing arm, a films studio, and their own electronics line.
Yeah and I think they are investing more and more into that studio part, they are starting to make some really good content. 
Yes they are, they are catching up with Netflix. A lot of Amazon prices are matched by other competitors like Best Buy and target.
Yeah I heard that those guys are now price matching, I guess you have to do what you can to keep up.
Exactly. And I still like those stores like target. The only state to not have a target is Vermont.
That is pretty funny, I wonder why Vermont?
Maybe it is just too small of a state? Target hasn't carried a tobacco product since 1996. Smokers must not like that store.
That is pretty cool actually, I heard that those herbal supplements they sell aren't all they are cracked up to be as well. 
Wow you are right. Up to 80% of them don't contain the advertised herbs. Scary!
That is very scary!  I wonder what they all have in them then?  I would figure Target wouldn't stand for that. 
Yes agreed. Not sure. But I know Target sells lot of Lego's! They are very consistent with only 18 bricks out of every 1 million being defective!
Wow, that is very impressive, I know my nephews love playing with Legos!
Yeah they are a great interactive toy and a good break from all the electronics. They are planning to search for more environmentally friendly options of making their legos! It was so good talking to you! 
Yeah same here, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day!
Hi. You shop on Amazon? Have you heard about them putting out a toy catalogue?
Yeah I did hear about that, Amazon is placing its bets on the classics and I guess they are right, classics are always better
Interesting. Yeah that's true. Everyone gets so nostalgic and it makes them want to spend money. I remember when catalogues were popular lol!
Maybe they can recover the popularity, Amazon did give Toys R Us a hard time, its a $3.3 billion dollar market
Oh wow. I think Amazon is a great company. So happy that Jeff Bezos had such a great vision on July 5, 1994 when he founded the company!
I agree with you there, Jeff Bezos is a genious, he also built this amazing clock into a mountain, its supposed to ran for $10,000 years
Whoa cool. The people who work at Amazon are important too, and can walk between 7 and 15 miles each day! Fulfilling orders I assume.
Thats a good way to stay healthy, Imdb is also a company owned by Amazon
Really? They have a lot of powerful friends. The USPS is also contracted with them to deliver on Sunday even!
I guess they didnt want to miss on that business, the first costumer sure got a great deal, did you hear about that case?
Oh yeah you are right! Got a building named after them. All for only 27.95!
I would do that, he/she got his/her order and got his/her name on a building do you also shop at Targer?
Wow you are so good at being gender neutral lol. Yeah I like Target! I didn't realize it was founded in Minneapolis.
Target will match the price of amazon, 
That's good to know. 80% of herbal supplements in Walmart, Walgreens, Target, and GNC contain none of the advertised herbs so be careful.
Oh thanks, I will be carefull, maybe not get my supplements from Target or any of those places
Yeah I wonder where would be a better place to buy? Well if you like Target it would be best not to live in Vermont! They don't have one there!
It must be the only state, Target is really popular and theres a store almost everywhere
Yeah I agree. I also like the store because they don't carry tobacco products! Health conscious of them for sure. 
Yeah tabacco free since the year 1996, 
Good for them! They do sell legos though! That company is so consistent! Only 18 out of 1 million bricks are defective. Nice talking with you!
Do you like classical music?
yes i do! i enjoy it quite a bit. You?
I like it as well, its been around for a while since the 6th century, a lot of history there
i did not know that. when i think classical i thnk 17 and 18 century. i wonder how it all started. royalty?
I  think music has been around almost forever but yeah I think that sounds about right, maybe with royalty it got exploited and a bit more appriciated
i hope so. allpeople can appreciate music. i think that there is something in there for everyone, rich, poor, educated or no.
I agree with you, you know a shopping center in Australia actually uses classical music to stop teenagers from loitering I woner how that works
classical music is totally uncool dude. the kids hate it! LOL there is also the "mosquito" for getting rid of teenagers.
You have a great point lol, it looks like classical music also stops crime and vandalism
yes, i bet it can be used to get rid of gangs in certain areas. maybe they could play pop music and rap and hip hop to draw them into other areas.
In fact using classical music resulted in 33% fewer robberies, 25% less assaults, %37 less vandalisma and all of this in a time period of 18 months
that is an amazing statistic. i wonder if it could be broadcast all of the tough parts of chicago and la. the ensuing calm would be unreal.
Maybe it can work, theres nothing to lose with trying I heard a compyter composed a piece of classic music back in 2011
we could have AI come up with different music, figure out which is the most effective at crime prevention, blast it around the planet. presto!
That would be a great strategy, using tetch like that and also classical music, a combination of two elements created many years appart
yes, we can punish evildoers everywhere with classical music! art triumphs over evil!
Sounds like a great way, do you like comedy films?
i do like comedies a lot. i like bill murray. you?
Bill Murray is one of my favorite and it seems Kunf Fu Hustle is one of his favorites
i wonder if he was being facetious about that. it is probably a great film, but could it be the greatest without him in it? Anyway, great chat!
I liked Kunf Fu Hustle so maybe he was being honest, and its been a great chat I agree, bye
Hello. I love Classical music concerts. Do you ?
I do. Especially the opera Silent night by Kevin Puts
arthur lintgen is amazing one how he can identify a piece of classical music by simply analyzing the grooves on a vinyl record.
Amazing. Sadly, not many people use vinyl records anymore. Speaking of classical music, did you know that heavy metal fans and classical music fans often have similar personalities? 
I did not know that. I would have love to hear the computer composed piece of contemporary classical music.
I wonder if it would sound a lot more static compared to regular music. I was surprised a whole time period was named the classical period. 
Do you like movies ? Disney's "treasure planet" flopped but i liked it
I prefer the comedy genre while watching movies. Ironically, the original green lantern film was intended to be a comedy starring Jack Black.
3rd rock from the sun was so funny they deserved to win awards 
Yes, that was a great comedy. However, I prefer the black and white ones from the 1920s.
bromantic comedies are so funny to me
Since its creation in 1989, Comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows! I cannot think of another organization that has cancelled so many.
I see how Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy".
Did you know  that Mortal Kombat II was the very first game to make more than Hollywood box office sales?
no i did not. The silence of the lambs came out on valentine's day in 1991 and had a box office of over $270 million. thats a crazy movie
And the lord of the rings trilogy actually lost money despite their astounding performance in the box office. 
Demetri martin was accepted into harvard law, He should have went to finish school
Did you know that John Carter failed for Disney, it broke records in Russia!
Wow i did not know that. tom hanks is the highest all-time box office star. wow
Really? I thought it would be someone like Tom Cruise! Classical music can be used in public spaces to deter crime. 
Enjoy you music and movies
Hi, how are you?
Hello, I'm well! Do you have an opinion on opera?
Not really. I would probably enjoy it if I went but have no desire to go.
Me neither, I think it can be boring but I would probably be interested if they did something new and untraditional.
Have you been to the opera in the past?
I have not! But I have been interested, as I love mediums of theater that play around with changing music frequently.
Classical music concerts had loud, moving, wild audiences during the performance.
Are you a fan of classical music?
I listen to barowue music a lot to help me concentrate on work or studying or reading.
That's definitely a good idea. I think it gets a rep for being boring but it certainly isn't! I had no idea Paul McCartney had four classical albums.
Really? I thought it was just Wings... In 2011 a computer composed a piece of contemporary classical music.
Technology is amazing with that. Classical music is useful like you say too, some cities actually have used it to play in public spaces and deter crime.
That funny, like Bill Murray. He hinks kung fu hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy".
Bill Murray is definitely funny, one of the best Hollywood successes. Are you a movie fan?
I am but dont get a chance to watch them often. You?
Somewhat! I find the box office interesting in general.
Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was a box office failure. Can you imagine!
That is unbelievable, I can't imagine how different animation might be, considering how influential they were. Are you a comedy film fan?
I am. You?
I am! Monty Python was one of my favorite films, one of the actors, Graham Chapman, was actually a doctor originally.
Nice chatting with you.
hey did you know that disney had thought about closing down after Sleeping Beauty didn't make a lot of money in theaters?
That is surprising.  It may have not been a big earner, but it showed they had artistic talent.  They further refined the arts and had some serious moneymakers later.
yes, imagine the loss if they had closed that early, but they have had a lot of flops like the movie Treasure Planet, definitely one of the biggest flops of all time, that movie was OK but nothing special
Did you know Tom Hanks is related to Walt Disney.  So it runs in the family! He is a real earner with $8.5 billion in box office sale.
wow didn't know that! that's a lot of money! Bill Murray is a good actor, he loves the movie Kung fu hustle, have you seen it?
I have not. Bill has had a lot of comedic success on the big screen.  On the small screen, I was a big fan of 3rd Rock from the Sun.
ya I guess 3rd Rock won a golden globe, I've never seen that show, but it beat Seinfeld and Frasier which are shows that I do like
Living in a rural area, we have limited access to live arts.  So, I get a lot of my performance arts from PBS.  Have you seen the opera "Silent Night"?
I haven't, I do like opera though and I like classical music, which apparently if played in public can reduce the cases of robberies and assault haha
I suppose classical music is not a genre favored by thugs.  I have been to only one classical music concert in DC.  They claim audiences can be wild and moving, but my experience was that it was very quiet and subdued.
ya it has an effect on people, in Austrailia they play it in malls to stop kids from loitering too haha
I could see it drive out the mall rats!!!  That would make shopping a more pleasant experience.  I hope the Silent Night opera makes it to the big screen or PBS.  It is an interesting juxtaposition of an 1918 song on the 1914 WW1 Armistice.
ya I'll have to check that out, what is crazy is in 2011 a computer composed a brand new classical music song, AI is getting so advanced!
I guess AI can compose, but does it have "soul" and "feeling"?  AI is getting better, but will it every truly master human emotion?  Could AI have composes Silent Night without have human emotion or experience?
that's a good question, we will have to see, I want to see the AI that can identify classical music just from vinyl records like Arthur Lintgen apparently can
That is unbelievable!  I would find it hard to believe that AI could accomplish a feat such as turning Silent Night into an opera.  Even with encyclopedic knowledge of WW1, I doubt it could capture the emotions of soldiers from three warring nations temporarily laying down their arms for Christmas.
speaking of WWI, have you seen the new peter Jackson documentary on it? It's called They will not grow old, it's actually really good he colorized old wwi footage and has interviews in it, I'd highly recommend it
I will look that up.  Why do you think that Silent Night composers wanted to commemorate Armistice Day that occurred more than a century ago?
I don't know, I know that they wanted to celebrate the peace, but I can only imagine, it is crazy that WWI was over 100 years ago and everyone from that war has passed on
I wonder myself considering the conflicts ongoing today.  Apparently from a reviewer's perspective the opera was not that good.  But, with audiences, its a hit with shows in multiple venues.
well I will have to check that out and you should definitely check out that documentary I recommended!
I just learned that Jeff Bezos built a clock in a mountain, that will run for 10,00 years. One would think he would find something else to spend his time and money on.
I agree.  I can only imagine how much he spent on that.  Did you see that the first Amazon customer got a building named after him?
That is so crazy! I never knew Best Buy would price match Amazon, I knew Target did, which you cannot find in Vermont.
That's interesting!  I wonder that Vermont doesn't have one.  I didn't realize how Target got it's start so many years ago in 1902, originally.
I never knew that either. Weird that they haven't carried tobacco products since the 90's.
Yes it is. Apparently the herbs that are advertised to be in most of the supplements in several stores don't contain the ones they advertise.
Naughty naughty. One would think these companies would take a page out of Lego's book, and find environmentally friendly alternatives to oil-based plastics.
Legos have been around for so long and continue to be popular.  The company is actually based in Denmark.
Yep. Many think they are an American company. They've been around since 1949. That's a long time.
I thought they were an American company too!  Just since July 2015, 600 billion Lego parts have been made.
I think half of those are in my house. It's insane how Amazon warehouse workers walk up to 15 miles a shift. That's hard work.
They must have to be in Great shape!  Did you know that Lego brand is considered more powerful then Ferrari?
I did, and that Lego gave out a 14K gold brick to factory workers who had been there for over 25 years. That would be so cool to own.
It sure would.  It sounds like the employees are taken care of well.  They are valued at about $15000.00
Have you been to one of their amusement parks? Legoland is always worth a visit, their stores are amazing, and you can buy individual bricks.
No I haven't, but it sounds like fun!  So there are enough Lego bricks for every person on Earth to own 86 of them.
I bet there are at least double that in every home. Especially the yard. Those things are everywhere.
I know, they end up everywhere and they're are very painful to step on, ha ha!  It would be beneficial if they can produce a more environmental material to use for all those legos.
They are working on an alternative, I was surprised to find out they had a very low defective rate in the plant.
That is surprising!  Did you see where a German graffiti artist painted a bridge that's 250 sq feet to look like a lego?  That would be a sight!
I did. Some interior decorators are using accent pieces made of Legos. mostly in white.
Interesting!  I enjoyed our conversation and got an education on several companies.  Have a Great Night!
Thank you, you do the same.
Thanks!
Hi, how are youse doing tonight?
Not bad, what do you think about Amazon?
Amazon does well by its customers, but not so good by its workers. Do youse use Amazon?
Yes.  I have heard their warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles a day, that's pretty crazy.
I guess the workers must be fit. The first customer got a building named after them. That must be a strange honor.
Yeah it had to have been a book because amazon started out as a online bookstore.  I wonder what book the person bought?
They probably bought Jeff Bezos autobiography. The man has a clock that will run for 10,000 years!
Haha I hope it runs better than my Kindle, I had to replace one after 2 weeks but amazon sent me a new one and gave me a free book of my choice so that was nice.
That's great! They love their customers! I don't know about the workers though. They struck a deal with United States postal service  to deliver  packages on Sunday
Well they are certainly better than Target, even though Target is the 8th largest department store in the US.
And yet Vermont is the only state in the USA to not have a target store. Isn't that Bernie Sanders home state? Bernie! What up?!
Yeah, they say they will price match amazon but I'll believe it when I see it.
 I ain't never tried that! I bet Amazon will do anything to beat a competitor!
Well they are second in the world in total sales after the Alibaba Group.  They are the largest internet retailer in the world by a decent margin I think.
Plus they own IMDB. Since 1998. Soon they will own everything.
Well it takes something special to have the USPS deliver on sundays that's for sure!
I think they must get time and a half or double time or something. Those guys do not work on Sundays!
No kidding, amazon has gotten so big now, they have their own film and television studio.  I watched the Jack Ryan show, it was pretty good.
That WAS good. I think they got a good shot at getting some awards. Anyhow, great chatting with youse tonight. I wish you the BEST!
You too avoid Target!
I will! I'll move to Vermont!
Haha take care!
I think the classics are a sure bet, what are your thoughs on this?
I think the classics are a good start if it is measured. With a growing gen X income and nostalgia, the classics are a good strrt but there has to be new stuff too to create the millenials with a future "classic" toy they can buy too.
I agree, there must always be innovation, its great how we have access to digital versions of book on Kingle know.
Yeah. I am trying to go all digital with my books but there's something about holding a book that the kindle cant replicate. Do you use a kindle?
I do use kindle, what about you? I got a Fire Tablet and been using it since then. 
I had a fire tablet but now use the Kindle app on my iPad. I love it. I may get a white paper kindle so I can travel with it. 
I think thats a great choice, I heard it has a long batterylife so thats good, kind of like the clock Jeff Bezos built on a mountain.
10,000 years! That's a long time. I will never know if it lasts that long... Did you know they own the patent on one-click shopping?
I didnt know that was a thing that could be patented lol, and it sure is a long time, I guess we wont be alive to see if its true.
Apple pays Amazon a usage fee for the technology. Seems like Amazon got it right. Not sure how you can patent customer service but hey...
Jeff Bezos is sure talented and smart, its more than 20 years and the company seems to have no limits.
Not if he buys up companies like Whole Foods. I heard they are looking into opening new stores in Sears buildings since they closed.
I see, that would be a good way to reactivate economy, an interesting fact is how much warehouse workers have to walk,
Amazon walks like 7-15. I worked in office max warehouse and walked about the same. I was so tired after my shifts.
I can imagine, 7-15 can be a lot but on the other side can be really healthy.
I was so disgusting after working in an un-air conditioned warehouse. Not fresh!
I see, that can be unhealthy on the other hand, do you ever shop at Target?
I do shop there. Do you?
I do, I  like  that they will match the prize that Amazon has, so no doubt Im getting a good deal there.
I didn't know that.That's good news! I will shop there more often.
You should definetely with it a try, dont buy herbal supplements though as it seems like its a scam
hi there, do you use the computer a lot?
I do, I spend most of my time on one each day, but not the kind that can run on water or anything cool like that.
I know we need to ask them russians how they came up with that
Yeah, all the way back in 1936 too.  Crazy the way technology develops isn't it?
Of course. Do you know why you should not smoke near an apple computer?
I've heard it voids the warranty.  I've never done it, and I'm not sure how they'd know if you did or not.
Exactly, how would they know. are you annoyed by insects?
All the time!  They are like the plague in florida, especially during the summer.  How about you?
I am not a fan either. have you heard of gold bugs?
No, but they sound like the kind of buy I could possible get behind.  What do they do?
they breathe in dissolved gold and excrete solid gold
I wouldn't mind having some of those around.  Nothing like those wasps that turn ladybugs into zombie babysitters.
My goodness that is scary. do you know what clover mites are?
Are they those bugs that you always find in piles of bricks?
Yes and in concrete as well
I wonder if those are the same bugs that are in carmine, or red dye 4
I know they were using them in food dyes as well and it became a huge issue
The thought of eating bugs is pretty gross, but I guess its not too harmful
I am not sure if it is harmful or not but just heard about it. Are you much into science?
I enjoy it, but Im definitely no Einstein.
Neither am I but also enjoy it too. Nice chatting with you.
Hi, how are you?
I am okay. How are you? I shop at Amazon a lot. Do you?
I do. I like amazon but wish I had more will power not to buy as much.
It does get easy to get out of control on there. Did you know that the company was founded in 1994? I can't believe it's been around that long. 
I know, right? Did you know that Bezos is getting divorced and his wife and he married one year before he started Amazon so she gets half!
Yes I did hear that. I'm sure he has a hand in that not working out. I thought I heard he was unfaithful but I would have to verify that. For some reason he built a clock into a mountain that should run for 10,000 years. I wonder why?
I think he has a girl friend. The internet was abuzz about it but I wasn't interested enough to click on the stories. I would like a building named after me, like their first customer...
I had heard that the first customer has a building named after him. And he only spent $27.95 so that's a good deal. 
Yeah! Their warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles a day. I used to work in a warehouse and you walk A LOT!
Wow! That's a huge warehouse. Apparently USPS has a contract with Amazon to deliver their packages on Sundays but I've never received a Sunday delivery. 
I think I have but I am in chicago so that might play a role in it.
I'm sure it definitely does. I'm in Ohio but I love Chicago. It's an amazing town. I was unaware until recently that Amazon owns IMDB. I go there a lot also. 
I do too. Especially when I hear cartoon voice I recognize but can't figure out. Or regular actors that I cannot place.
Yes I use it all of the time for the "where I have I seen that person" question. Do you use Spotify?
I do listen to spotify. All the time. You?
I'm more of a Pandora person but I do use it sometimes. It's crazy to me that an artist has to get 130,745 plays per day to earn minimum wage on Spotify. 
That's a lot of plays!!! Seems like the artist got the short end of the stick.
It does. But on the flip side a band once earned $20,000 on the app for a silent album which is mind blowing. 
That is crazy! I think Spotify just went public...
I will have to look into that. I know they have 4 million songs so they should be around for a while and you'd think the stock would be a good investment. 
Yeah. That and Amazon! Nice chatting with you!
You as well. 
How's it going? Did you know Spiders actually fall from the sky, that's terrifying
Yeah.  It is like the float.  Scary
It's crazy that spiders can parachute on long strands of webbing
I know, so creepy
I guess spiders used that method to move onto volcanic islands
That would be a lot of silk to get across the ocean, but If they float, I guess that explains it.
Yea, Charles Darwin claims to of caught a spider that had traveled at least 60 miles
How would he have known?
Apparently he was on a newly formed volcanic island and was able to identify the spider as an Aeronaut spider which are found far away from there
Ahh.  I dont know why so many people are afraid of them.
I don't know but much can be learned about how they travel through the air which can lead to innovations in engineering
I didn't think of that.  That would be a neat thing to study.
Yea, spiders and insects can be pretty cool. Spiders aren't the only ones who travel in the sky, ladybugs do too
There are gold bugs, that breathe in dissolved gold and excrete solid gold.  
Thats awesome, I wonder if there is any places that have the gold bugs on display, I'd love to see them
Id like to own a few.  Maybe make some extra money from the gold the excrete.
Theres a wasp that turns ladybugs into zombie babysitters, too bad they can't change them to gold
Yeah.  There is a bug that ends up in red dye 4
Yea and theres bugs in carmine and cochineal extract, at least it's extra protein
Thats  a good way of thinking of it.  lol
Well I got to go, nice talking with you
How's it going? Are you into computers much? They are used in a lot of things such as controlling systems and industrial and consumer devices
I'm using computer right now, actually. It's crazy that they have such wide range of uses these days--it seems like they can do pretty much anything humans can! No wonder people are trying to upload their minds to them.
Yea computers are interesting, in 1936 russia invented one that ran off water
Yes, they can consist of materials other than the metals and rare earth elements we're used to, Someone even built one virtually in minecraft!
That's crazy, so is apple voiding warranties for smoking near their computers
Yes, humans can have weird rules, but there must be some scientific reasoning behind it. I mean, that's how we got computers and the internet in the first place--scientists.
Yea, the world wide web was invented by an english scientist working at CERN
Yes, the internet was originally for sharing research data. The idea of a scientist is a pretty recent idea--it wasn't a term until the 19th century when Williams Whewell invented it in 1833.
That's interesting, plus scientists tend to be really smart at a young age. Von Neumann could divide two 8 digit number in his head at 6
Smart people tend to stay that way and remain curious throughout their lives. The emperor of Japan is trained as a scientist and continues to publish research today.
That's awesome, I wonder what emperor Akihito studies?
It would be neat if he studied something that isn't theoretical, like insects.
Yea  insects are pretty cool, there are gold bugs in the ocean that breath gold
That seems wasteful haha. I guess that kind of unusual use of resources is to be expected when they make up over 90% of animal life on earth!
Yea plus they transport themselves through the sky, that's crazy and a little scary
I don't think they have the mental capacity to be scared--I mean, they can even end up as zombies like ladybugs who are infected by dinocampus coccinellae wasps.
That's pretty scary, so is eating crushed up bugs with food that contains red 4
Yes, and those bugs that actually look red that we see on concrete are called clover mites, which seems kind of ironic.
It's crazy how bugs are found everywhere including oceans
Yes, even though crustaceans are the dominant life form there.
Well both crustaceans and insects are arthropods 
Yes, they are.
hi how are you? do you like computers?
Hello there, I do like computers, they are very useful.  How about you?
i love computers. they are my best friends. almost. i spend too much time with them. Did you know that in 1936, the russians made a computer that ran on water?
Holy cow that is impressive, I wonder what that would look like?
i cant imagine that it went very fast though. probably an interesting design.
Yeah sounds like it would be.  Do you know how much ram the space shuttle's general computer runs on?
the shuttle is pretty old technology. 100k? 500?
I guess 1mb of ram.  I don't think that is very much at all!
that is not much, but i bet the programmers were efficient about memory usage. not like the OSs of today.
Yeah that is most likely true.  Did you know that smoking around Apple computers voids the warranty?
that is strange, but i guess it could hurt the electronics. what about vaping though? is that ok?
That I could't tell you, but I can say that most people probably never knew that about the smoking. 
that is true. smoking? it is not that uncommon. especially in europe and south america and japan and china.
Yeah I bet, on a different note, do you know much about insects?
i dont know much about insects. they have six legs. spiders have eight.
That is true, there are some crazy bugs like gold bugs that can breath in dissolved gold and excrete solid gold!
really? i have never seen that! i heard the gold bug was a story by Poe. it can find gold.
Yeah that bug sounds crazy.  Do you know what those tiny red bugs that usually are on concrete are called?
ladybugs? ladybirds? is that what you mean? red with black spots?
No those tiny tiny ones, I guess they are called clover mites. 
oh, ok. what about them? what are clover mites? 
I just never knew what they were called.  But it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
Good morning! How are you?
Im great how are you?
I'm great as well! Do you have Amazon Prime?
No i dont. what is it, exactly?
It's an electronic commerce and cloud computing company based in Seattle.
Amazon Prime? I know what amazon is. 
It's there E-commerce portion of their company though but also a place you can rent movies and shows, etc. If you know what amazon is you know what Prime is lol.
Oh, ok. I guess i have seen the name, but i usually just buy stuff from amazon. i dont watch shows there. do you have it?
I do. Do you have spotify?
I do not use spotify. thats a music service, right?
That is, I dont either. I can't believe it has 4 million songs that still has yet to be played!
I guess people hope to get discovered on spotify? i wonder how many people actually make it after spotify.
That's a good question! I know a musician needs to get 130,745 plays per day just to earn a minimum wage!
that is insane. i wonder how many visitors per day there are. not enough to make a living.
That is definitely something to look into. Were you ever a fan of Michael Jordan?
I liked MJ. he was an exciting player. made big plays. 
He really was! Do you know how Michael Jordan ruined Muggsy Bogues' career?
how did he do that? i know that muggsy was tiny, but a great player.
From what I read before, he said "Shoot it you ******* midget". That's harsh. Anyways, great chatting with you!
Yeah, that is harsh. and not really sportsmanlike. Yes, i enjoyed chatting. Have a good day.
Thanks you too!
Do you like video games? I have a PlayStation 4 an I am exited to buy "Ananmorphine" its a game that shows a lot of promise.
I have one and but haven't heard of that game. I like watching horror films tape Steven king.
It looks pretty good, one of the main attractions of the game is that you can manipulate time, space and memory. I like Steven King as well!
Did you know watching horror movies can burn up to 180 calories.
I want to lose some weight I didnt know it was that easy lol, have you seen the movie "The Shinning"?
I did I heard the boy Danny didnt know he was acting in a horror films until several years later.
I heard that too! that movie is scary I wonder how they managed to trick him.
Probably young and niave. Stephen king thought Bambi was a horror movie.
Thats funny lol, I don't see Bambi as a horror movie but we all have our perceptions. There is an instrument called water phone, its used in many horror movies.
Yes to make the creepy metallic noises
Yeah to think horror films were inspired by authors such as Edgar Allan Poe, Mary Shelley.
Do you play any instruments? I like the violin.
I like the guitar but think the violin is a cool instrument as well, I like that it has a small size.
Modern violins were preferred over million dollar Stradivarius violins when tested on the blind 
I wonder why that is, interesting fact indeed, did you know there is a violin that is made out of stone! it must be heavy and hard to play.
That is cool. Albert Einstein played the violin
He did? Wow, I bet he was a skilled player after all he was a genius. 
Yes he played the piano too.
I've always wanted to learn to play the piano but I spent my early years busy playing PlayStation. It's crazy how they built a supercomputer using a bunch of used PlayStation 3s.
Play station was made in Japan right?
Thats right, its abbreviated as PS and it was created by Sony.
hey what do you thnk of the game Anamorphine?
I haven't tried it myself. Have you?
No I haven't played it yet. But it sounds very interesting. I like the designer, hideo Kojima. He is really awesome and made the Metal Gear Solid games
Yeah, I'm glad he's able to still work considering what happened to him. Have you played a lot of play station games in the past?
I did used to play a lot of video games. I haven't played them anymore though. I love Metal Gear Solid, what about you? That was for the original PlayStation
Yeah I played a lot of PlayStation. I use to own an original and had a demo for metal gear solid but never had the game. I eventually got a ps2 and played a lot on that, I've owned a ps3 for some time but moved onto PC gaming. Was Metal Gear your favorite ps1 game?
Yes it would be that and also Final Fantasy 7. I remember when they came out with the DualShock as a new controller. That was one of my favorite controllers of all time
I loved the old ps1 controllers. You ever play a game called legend of dragoon?
I have heard of that game. I think it was published by Sony, I heard it was good but never played it, what did you think about it?
I really enjoyed it. I got to borrow it back in the early 2000s but managed to get a copy a few years ago. I really enjoy the combat system but the game itself can get a bit repetitive. It's a long game though, on four disc!
That is long game! I missed games that had multiple discs. I think it's cool that the Grand Theft Auto game for Playstation could play music if you put it in a CD player though
I didn't know that! I knew the original ps1 could play music, I use to play 
Did you know that the US DOD bought 1800 PlayStation 3s? They wanted to build a super computer and it was cheaper than actually doing any alternative methods for that
That's crazy. I think I remember hearing about something like that before. I also know that it was used to research black holes. It was defiantly one of the more advance consoles compared to the level of technology at the time.
Yep I agree. I didn't like how they got rid of Linux on the PlayStation 3 though. It's funny that a company executive actually tweeted the unlock code for the Playstation 3. Talk about a mess up haha
Yeah it can happen. Did you know that they actually made an official linux kit for the ps2? When  I found out I thought it was crazy to think a company would support something like that so officially. Usually consoles are very closed systems.
Yes I agree. And that's why they close down the Linux access, because people were hacking it LOL. They just didn't think that stuff out very well. I think it is cool that the last game for the PS2 was FIFA 14, which spanned 3 console Generations
It's wild to think of how long a systems lifespan can reach. I remember hearing that someone made a NES game and got it supported through donations and even released a physical copy.
That is really cool! I actually stopped playing a lot of games and I played a piano or now. Because I think it is more useful to play an instrument, do you play the violin by the way?
I don't really play any instruments. I mostly work and spend time outside when I can. I enjoy video games when it's either way too cold or the weathers really bad. Are you looking for a violin player?
No but I thought about starting to play. Someone actually made a violin out of stone, which I would be interested in buying
Horror film seeks to fear. Many fans are for horror films.
I love horror films. Did you know Stephen King was afraid of Bambi when he was younger?
It was interesting watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories.
Wow, I guess that's a good way to lose some weight.
Horror film may also have supernatural fiction and thriller genres.
Very cool. I saw that watching horror films before viewing abstract art can make you enjoy the art more.
Waterphone is  used to make creepy metallic noises in horror movies. The  cost of movie is very low is compared with other film.
Very cool to know. I heard the boy from the Shining didn't even know it was a horror film until several years later.
It is very interesting. While watching make more thriller.
Do you like the violin?
Yes, It is a wooden instrument. The body of violin is made up of wooden body.
There is actually a violin made out of stone that is fully playable.
It is very interesting. Albert einstein was also a gifted musician, playing the violin with exceptional skill.
Modern violins were preferred over million-dollar violins when the sound tests were blind.
Do you have playstation ?
I do. I have a PS4. What about you?
Classic sony.
Very cool. The US department of defense used 1760 Playstation 3's to build a supercomputer.
The PlayStation 2 is the best-selling home console to date, having reached over 155 millions.
I agree. I love all Playstation consoles.
PlayStation mobile is a software framework that provides PlayStation content on mobile devices
Yep they have. Well, it was good chatting with you. Have a great day!
hey have you played the game Anamorphine?
No I haven't have you?
No I haven't played it yet, but I want to, it is apparently being built by hideo Kojima who created the Metal Gear series
I was reading through the summary and it sounds complicated.
It sounds very in-depth, but I am excited for the game. Do you like horror movies by the way? I think this is going to be like a horror video game
Yes I do like horror films. Did you ever see the exorcist?
Yes that's one of my favorite ones, I also like Stephen King horror movies like The Shining, have you seen that movie?
Oh yeah that was great. Jack Nicholson was at his best in that film.
Yep I agree. What do you think about Danny in that movie? He was only a kid but luckily he didn't realize he was making a very violent horror movie at the time LOL
He did a good job. I didn't know he didn't realize it was a horror film. Apparently no one in the exorcist felt that were making a horror film either.
Well that's good because that would have messed up that little girl in that movie too, what do you think about Stephen King movies? Did you know that he thinks that Bambi should be considered a horror movie
No I didn't know that. What can I say about Stephen King, he is definitely the King.
Haha I agree with you. I also like horror movies because they can burn calories when you watch them, up to 180 per movie
I could see where that could happen. I'm trying to think of the King movie where Kathy Bates breaks the guys leg with a sledge hammer. That just wrenches my gut.
Yeah I think that movie was called Misery, and I was in misery as I watched it LOL. Have you ever heard of the instrument called the water phone by the way?
That's it Misery, thanks. No, what is a water phone?
It's an instrument that horror movies used to create that creepy metallic sound, it makes you feel scared when you hear it
That's interesting. I think it is really interesting how they used to create different sound effects without the electronics they use today.
Yeah I agree with you. Have you ever played an instrument before? For instance the violin?
No, I played the trumpet mostly but never a string instrument, you?
I never play the violin, I played myself, I do want to see a violin made out of stone which apparently exists though
Hi, do you ever listen to audio books? I get a ton of them from the library here.
Yes, I have a ton of audiobooks. I have the harry potter series on audobook! 
me too! It's interesting that audiobooks were originally just so that blind people could "read" books but I think they are great for everyone. Especially when on the go.
It's awesome listening to some of these artists narrating audiobooks. Audiobook is something of the future, before that was e-books. I feel sorry for barnes and noble.
They can still sell e-books if they make the retail experience worth going to. Michael Jackson made an audio book for ET, it's pretty cool.
Well, audiobooks were originally made for blind people. However, with advent of vehicles and mindless driving, listening to audiobooks are easy.
Yeah, even just at home it's nice too. Reading paper literature is nice either artistic stories or intellectual information, but it can be a strain on your eyes.
However, it's quicker to read a book than it is to listen to it. You can also take notes, i love post-it notes. Sci-fi books are great when i'm about to hit the hay. I love to read fantasy books.
That is true, but I'm rarely in a rush. Take Harry Potter which you've mentioned. It's probably the greatest fantasy book and the audio books are even better. Jim Dale performs 300 different voices, and he certainly sounds better then i do in my head.
Yep. There's a janitor from chicago who wrote a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript and spent over 6 years writing it. 
Wow! and I thought the Harry Potter books were long. What was it called? I'd imagine that would take a long time to read.
The author was henry darger. It was "the story of the vivian girls". I personally never read it, but i heard about it. if you have time, you should read it!
I'm not sure I do, but I'll put it on my list of things to read. I'm just about to start reading some dungeons and dragons books. By read of course I mean listen to audio books. Lots of famous people narrated them.
Who is your favorite narrator for audiobooks? Weird Al? Felicia Day? Wil Wheaton?
That's a tough one to answer. I guess weird al, but Ice-T is surprisingly good too.
I can't get past Ice-T as a rapper and TV celebrity. Audiobook narration by him just makes me think about all the stuff he played in.
I can see that, but he does such a good job. I hear he's really into spelling bee's too among other things. Did you know there are fantasy drafts for the national spelling bee? I bet T is into that.
lol. fantasy drafts of national spelling bees? I could see that. Such a baller. 
People will bet on anything. I prefer fantasy baseball.
I wasn't aware you can bet on fantasy baseball.. Did you make any bets on the Superbowl?
No, not into football. Maybe next year though. I think I'm going to head out now. I'm actually going to go to the book store so maybe i'll see if that have that 15,145 page book. I bet it will be heavy.
Listen to the audiobook version, if they have it!
I'll check for that first! have a good day.
Have a good day too!
bye
There is a fantasy draft of the spelling bee? Wow
I did not know it before.  
I don't know if that means they bet actual money, but people will bet on anything
I know  Terry Pratchess was knighted for being a good comedic fantasy author.
I've never heard of him, I'm not a big fantasy person
Also, I heard that a janitor wrote a fantasy manuscript totaling 15,145 pages.
I thought that was kind of sad.  I wonder if it was actually published
It was only found out after his death.  So, he earned nothing.
Well, maybe he never wanted it published and just did if for himself
Are you interested in literature in general?
I'm a big reader in general, but my tastes probably aren't as highbrow as they should be.  Do you like to read?
I used to but I have been busy lately with family and work.  I did not know that literature was considered to be an aft form.  Do you?
I suppose its an art form, I certainly didn't know it was an olympic event until 1952
I heard that it was an olympic event from year 1912 to 1952.  I wonder how it worked.
I'm going to have to look up more about the fda burning literature in an act of censorship.  That's pretty horrific to happen here
I should research more myself.  I wonder why the literature was censored.
Depends on the era I suppose.  I'm hoping it was some time ago, but you never know
I just found out that music, sculpture and painting were also included in olympic from 1912 until 1952.  Why did they decide to stop?
Probably not very entertaining to watch on tv!
There was no tv though during that period?  Am I wrong?
Tv was around in the 50's I'm sure.  I Love Lucy was on then
Oh, ok.  I like to listed to audiobooks when I drive.  Do you like audio books
No, they put me to sleep
Barbara Brooks Wallace who wrote "Peppermints in the Parlor" died Nov 27 in Arlington, VA at the age of 95.
She was a amazing writer, I have heard she wrote some of the best young readers books mixed with mystery and adventure that the world has ever seen
The book Peppermints says it is an amusing Gothic romp and became an audiobook recorded by Angela Lansbury
I have never heard the audio version i might have to get it. I do know it takes place in the 20th century in San Fransisco.
She also wrote other mysteries that won Edgar Awards from the Mystery Writers of America
Yes she won several awards. she wrote another great book called Ghost in the Gallery. Have you heard of it?
Not before today.  She was actually born in China and her father had been a silent-film actor who moved to New York
Yes that happened amid the russian revoltution if i recall
Her mother moved to China during the Russian Revolution from Russia and was a nurse
O that is right I forgot about that. I recall that The Trouble With Miss Switch a early work was turned into a sort of animated program at one point.
She graduated college in 1945 from the University of California at L.A. and then lived in a boardinghouse in SanFran
Yes she traveled a lot and has seen more of the world than most will in their lives.
I like that she stated that she didn't know how the story would end until she got to the end of writing the book.  However, she knew that the books would always be for children and would have a happy ending because she got to choose!
Yeah she really was ahead of her time. I remember reading The Barrel in the Basement it was one of her first fantasy books. It is a great book for young readers still today
Speaking of fantasy books, did you know that a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy?
I had no clue but that is fascinating. I have heard that People fantasy draft the national spelling bee if you could believe such
what does that mean?
They pick students kinda like how a NFL coach picks players.
Really, how do they know the prospects?  Did you know that the fda burned six tons of literature in an act of censorship?
I think they just do it for fun since its not that exciting, and I have heard of that before and its awful .
Audiobooks which I love were started as a project to make books for the blind.
i dont listen to many. i prefer to read my literature. I guess you can call me old fashinoed.
Both are great, but when in the car driving a good audiobook goes far for the family :) I didn't know it but Michael Jackson released an audiobook/soundtrack album directed by Spielberg
Hello! Are you a fan of literature?
Yes, especially anything to do with fantasy or mystery. What about you?
I am into nonfiction and history. What is your favorite book?
I really liked Hawaii by Michener. I haven't had much time to read much nonfiction unless you count recipe books. Which do you like best?
I don't really have a favorite honestly. I can't believe the FDA was against literature back in the day.
People can have some interesting ideas. I head there is a Dr. in Texas that teaches a heavy metal literature class. What do you think it covers?
That is very interesting. It probably covers some good music for sure! I feel like many students have neck strains from head banging lol.
I wonder if you get extra credit if you start growing your hair out for that class? lol I had a mythology and fantasy class in college. It was pretty good.
I'm sure that was interesting too! Did they teach you about the fantasy congress that exists?
No, but maybe their kids are in the fantasy spelling bee! I saw the artwork of that Chicago janitor who died and only then was his work discovered. It's very unique!
Oh really? That would be neat to see. I would love to see the fantasy draft go on with the spelling bee haha.
Henry Darger is his name, you should look at it! I think a fantasy wall street might be interesting. Especially if you could learn to participate in the real stock market!
That blows my mind what is out there and what people put money into haha. He should do a fantasy draft for the annual literature contest where writers put the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.
I've been interested in trying out an audiobook. Have you ever? I am worried I might not like the voice that's used for it.
I haven't either and worry about it too. Maybe look for Jim Dale to narrate for you!
I hear Steven Spielberg directed and audiobook/soundtrack for ET that was released by Michael Jackson. I bet it's good! I think audiobooks have been around for a long time, right?
Oh I'm sure they have been around since the 1930's in music shops!
I remember as a kid we had some at school that were on the old time records. My favorite audiobook was the Teddy Bears Picnic. I played it over and over to my parent's dismay!
I bet they really enjoyed it too haha. They started out as a project to make books for the blind!
That's excellent! Kids really like audiobooks...I remember having those choose an ending books but never the talking books. I wish they'd make those!
Those were really the best. Well it was nice chatting with you have a great night!
Snakes always intrigue and scare me.  I did not know that they were considered carnivorous reptiles.
Yea snakes are scary. They get the reputation on representing human life activity like war, murder, greed, jealousy, and revenge. 
You are right.  Their jaws are highly mobile that they can swallow  preys larger than themselves.
So would a past Viking have the thoughts of a snake. Always wanting to swallow up the world with total domination? 
Yes, I read about that.  Are you familiar with Viking Dark Ages?  I'm interested to hear further about it.
I know that they had Norse Gods that were before Jesus Christ. I'm still in the awakening of knowing more about them. 
Could you tell me more about it?  Are Vikings good pirates?
Yes they are masters of the waters wanting to destroy anyone or anything that opposes them. So what is your thoughts on snakes because you have spoken little about them?
Are crocodiles related to snakes?
No , they are more related to birds than snakes. Truly you understand that snakes are reptilian however crocodiles have a hard structure not a smooth body like lizards and and snakes
Thank you for your info.  I heard of flying snakes.  Do or did they exist on earth?
It was a written work however I never seen one in the 35 years of my life. 
Oh okay.  Do you know that there is no snake in New Zealand?  I thought that snakes could be found anywhere.
Again that is literature and to find out for yourself is the absolute truth. You should take a trip to New Zealand and prove all scholars wrong. 
Perhaps someday or I should research more about it.  
Yes there is a long history of snakes so you have your work  cut out for you . 
Thank you.  Would you like to chat about something else?
What is your thoughts about writing poetry? Do you think you should write it when your depressed or when your inspired? 
Perhaps you are more creative when you are depressed?  What do you think?  Is poetry part of literature?
No , because literature is more formal while poetry comes more from the soul. 
You are so knowledgeable.  I learned a lot from you.
Believe me there is something in you that is great. Please do not ignore it or in the future you will regret it. Make your happiness in your work. Make your work your poetry so it never is work again rather it is your soul talking to the universe. 
Again, Thank you so very much.  It was nice chatting with you.
Excellent, likewise and good luck with your Christmas. 
you too
What entertainment do you enjoy?
I like to read sometimes. There's a course at West Texas A&M that teaches heavy metal lol
What literature do you enjoy?
I like to read the old Roman and Greek myths, I found them interesting plus they never had Romantic subplots in them
Like the Iliad or Odyssey? 
Yea those were good although I'm not a huge poetry fan. Apparently Poetry has been around since the prehistoric times in Africa
I think poetry is a hit or miss. Have you heard of a palindrome?
Yea, I'm vaguely familiar with it, I'm just glad I don't have to write one 
I can't even begin to comprehend how demetri wrote a 224 word palindrome and how it would even go
I feel anxious just thinking about it. There's a poem consiting of 800 irregularly prounced words that is 274 lines long
One thing I find inspiring is that there is a poem that if read normally is depressing, but backwards is inspiring
That does sound awesome. It's interesting how popular poetry is, the Vikings considered poetry as a gift from Odin
Despite quality, the authors don't necessarily get paid much. Edgar allan poe only received 9 bucks for the raven
Yea I heard Poe died without much money. Tupac studied poetry in high school in baltimore as a teen
Literature is kinda like art. Many people are only appreciated after their passing
Funny thing is that art, music, and poetry were once olympic sports so it was appreciated more in the past
Fair point. On a side note, do you have any pets?
I do have a pet snake, non venomous though, although it would be pretty cool to have antivenom blood like that guy who was bitten so many times
Well I guess you could also sell the venom to help save lives. However, milking snakes are extremely dangerous
Yea, I'm just glad I don't live in Australia where venomous snakes outnumber non-venomous snaks
Indeed. In any case, thanks for chatting.
Hi, how are you?
Fine, and you? Do you like snakes?
Um, not really much of a snake person. You?
I had a pet corn snake once, but it died over-winter because my house was too cold. I see a lot of them around here when my cats catch them.
I guess you don't live in New Zealand then. There are no snakes in NZ
Interesting. I knew there weren't any in Ireland or Hawaii. 
The fear of snakes is hard-wired not only in human brains but also in monkey brains. Were you ever afraid of your corn snake? 
No, I've never been afraid of snakes -- I mean, I'm afraid of them intellectually if I know they're venomous, but I enjoy handling them. Are you afraid of them?
Generally, I have a healthy respect for them. Thanks for using the word venomous. Many people say poisonous, but that's for things we eat (or shouldn't eat)
I don't think I've ever seen a venomous one, except at zoos and the like. I see a lot of black snakes and grass snakes here, and they're handy for keeping down rodents that bother my garden.
There is a genus of flying snakes that can launch themselves at prey. Have you ever seen any of these? Sounds terrifying.
I never heard of them before. I wonder if they just use their muscles to launch themselves from against the ground?
I only care if they're venomous! And if they're out bothering my garden. The organs in a snake can be one in front of the other, instead of side by side. Makes sense. 
I used to have a dog who was terrified when I pulled the garden through the grass LOL.
I'm sorry? Pulled the garden through the grass? Sounds rather poetic! Are you a poet?
Nah, I meant pulled the garden hose *headdesk*. But snakes are actually good for gardens -- they eat the rodents that feed on green stuff.
I don't hate snakes, I just have a wariness around them. I stay away from them, they stay away from me. They can eat all the rodents they want. They can have my share.
My cats love torturing them, unfortunately.
I have similar attitudes toward cats as snakes. I am indifferent. Cats look at me, I look at them. I will scratch their heads and feed them if they do the same for me. 
I like them a lot -- I think we have similar temperaments.
A good match then! Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
Same!
Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
Hello, you as well! Do you know anyone who has a snake as a pet?
Personally I don't, but after we saw one in a pet store, my son wants one ever since because his friend has one and he saw it when he was feeding him with mice... Do You know anybody like that ?
Wow! Yes, I have a friend who has 3 snakes! I don't think I could personally ever have one as a pet, but people sure do love them. I can't believe that their organs appear in front of eachother and not side by side.
interesting... I remember how excited my son was when he saw it eat the mouse  ;) We had a lovely talk after that - I needed to put some light on this event to my son ;) lol
Oh boy, that must have been an interesting talk. I'm not sure how I would have even went about it! Lol. Speaking of snakes is making me think of the story about Medusa.
Medusa... medusa... that chick who was turning in stone anybody who looked in her eyes ?
I'm not quite sure, but all I know is that she had snakes as hair... literature sure was interesting back in the day!
Yeah that was a cool story - somebody defeat her by bringing mirror as a shield. We were always joking with my friends when we were young boys that she had to be really ugly if people were turning into stone after looking at her ;) lol
That's so funny! I would feel horrible if that were me! I would want to just hide all of the time lol
...and she kind of did ! In a cave or something, but there was an artifact that she was guarding or something like that and everybody wanted to steal that from her :) poor guys ;) lol
Hahaha oh man, she had a tough life. Do you have any favorite literature or poems?
Probably horrors and sci-fi - I've just finished Necroskope ( Brian Lumbley ) and I think I'm going to read "The Witcher" for the third time ;) lol , how about You ?
That sounds really interesting. Lately I have been into horror and mystery. I am more into poetry, but I really like Stephen King.
I love Stephen King ! I loved "The Stand" and "IT" - how about You ? Do You have a favorite one ?
"It" is a great one! What did you think of the remake?
I was so skeptical as this is my favorite movie of all times and I was afraid they will ruin it... but I went to movie theaters and I must say they did a terrific job ! Did You see it ? 
Awesome. I've seen bits and pieces on TV, but there was one scene that made me turn off the TV! There was just so much blood... (it was a bathroom scene)
are You talking about the bathroom scene from the original movie or from the new one ?
The new one
Yes, that was a good scene, but I prefer the one with Geargie in the beginning :) also a little bloody ;)
Wow! It was fun speaking to you! Now I want to go watch a scary movie :P
Hey how are you, did you watch the INcredibles 2 by chance, any good?
Yes,  I did watch that movie,  its was really good. I cant believe we have waited 13 years for it to come out!  
I know, I haven't seen either, were they both pretty good? Which one did you like more?
Hard to say,  I think I liked the first one better,  but they were both really good. I didnt even realize that the movie is based in 1960 lol thats funny,  they have so much technology in the movie.  In the sequel we finally see the baby's powers.  
Oh really? I would have never have guessed that, I guess 13 years doesn't seem too long then? 
Do you like any disney movies?
I do, I really liked the Lion King, it was the first disney movie to be translated to Zulu for an African release.
Oh yeah that was a good one!  Great music as well.  Have you seen they are doing a live action movie of Aladdin?  The cartoon was so good.
I saw that, the blue Will Smith? Lol, that'll be good. They're definitely not recycling their animation frames like they did in the 70s.
lol yeah,  Robin williams was the perfect genie though!   
For sure, RIP Robin Williams, it's unfortunate he gets so much flack, he must have felt so much pain in his life that it was that unbearable.
I know,  its so sad.  It seems common in comedians.  You never know what they are really going through because they cover it up with jokes and stuff.
For sure, it is really sad. It's terrible then when people just go after them and hate on them when they've never lived a day in their shoes.
exactly, you cant judge, you just never know. 
For sure, could you imagine watching wreck it ralph in the 1980s though? That's when they started developing that movie.
That wouldve been amazing honestly,  I really like that movie.  Hard to believe they started developing it then. 
For sure, what was the movie about? That's some vision to start that in the 1980s.
It was about a video arcade and at night the characters would be able to leave their game and socialize in the circuit.  But of course, there a few characters that try and cross over to other games for various reasons and things get crazy. 
Oh wow, I think I should go see that. I saw it on Fortnite, so it's kind of like Toy Story?
Kinda like toy story,  its really creative.  The second one was not as good.  
Oh dang, I never knew there was a second one out yet. I'll check them out, thanks for the recommendation. I am going to take off though, great chatting and have a good rest of the night!
Hello. "Incredibles 2" sounds like a lot of fun. What do you think? 
I only saw the first one but I know that they are set in the 1960's which is interesting. \
That would be interesting to me, since I was a college kid in the 60s. It'd be fun to check out the cars, hairstyles, clothes, etc.
I'm sure. I did hear that 13 years before the sequel came out there was a video game form of a sequel. 
Did you play that video game? I wonder how it compared to the movie. Is the aim to knock off the Underminer?
I did not. I don't know much about it apart from it exists. Do you enjoy Disney films?
Oh sure. The original Disney -- Walt -- was a genius. The company has an amazing record of films, animated and not.
They definitely do. Did you know that The Lion King was the first Disney film translated into Zulu?
Really? That's quite interesting! I guess that would be appropriate since The Lion King, which I love, is African.
It does seem appropriate. Apparently in the 70's the company recycled a lot of frames so you will see the same ones in other movies. 
I guess there's a lot to be said about recycling, then. Anyhow, I'd like to take my step-grandsons to see The Incredibles 2. They'd enjoy it.
I'm sure they would. Did you take them to see Frozen?
No, their mom did. I saw Frozen on TV. I liked it. I guess some kids see it over and over.
Yes they do. It was so popular. That's good because it was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman. 
Glad to hear that. Hollywood doesn't have a great record of women directing films.
I agree. Hopefully a shift is happening soon. Disney makes a lot on merchandise. The toy industry gets involved before they even begin filming a production. 
I suppose if anything would be hand in glove, it would be toys and popular movies for kids.
Most definitely. Off topic, but do you find birds interesting?
Yes. I live in the sticks in Kansas and am greatly cheered to see a bald eagle every once in a while. They are incredibly graceful, even kind of awesome. 
They are. Did you know that hummingbirds steal spider-webs?
Those rascals! Well, maybe the hummingbirds find the designs attractive and just can't help it.
Ha ha. They do it to repair their nests which is quite smart. 
Hello there, do you follow politics much?
Yea, I didn't know the term congress originated in the middle ages
I didn't know that either, that is very interesting.  Do you know who the only non-human to testify before them is?
Wasn't it elmo? I wonder what he was testifying about
Yeah good call!  I remember seeing that happen on tv but forgot why he did, or what he was testifying for I mean. 
It's pretty cool that congressmen have their own exclusive subway lines
I didn't know that, I wonder how fast it actually is. 
Well those subway lines must not be too fast
Lol, good one!  Do you know what year the first woman was elected to congress?
No but I heard the first woman was elected before they had the right to vote in a national election
That is true, and it was way back in 1916 I guess. 
Thank god they didn't have a fantasy congress back then
I think I read that before that there is a fantasy draft for the congress, count me out. 
Yea, I wouldn't want to draft red or blue on any of my fantasy teams
No, or have to do research about those people, not my idea of fun at all. 
I find it ironic that 15% of the tea party identifies as democrats. sounds like they are very conflicted
That is pretty funny. Did you know that Ronald Reagan campaigned for the Dems?
Lol no, he also campaigned against high corporate profits and low wages
Yeah isn't that funny, I feel like politics and politicians never do what they say or do the reverse. 
It's a shame there hasn't been a non-democrat or republican as president since 1853
That is a shame, I think it would be a nice change of pace to get something different in there. 
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Hey there!  Are you a soccer fan?  I do not watch a lot of it, but I do watch all of the World Cup!  I am excited for 2022 in Qatar!
The FIFA World Cup? I really am not familiar with it. I only leanred a bit about it in school. I've forgotten what FIFA even stands for. Was the last Cup exciting?
FIFA stands for the Federation Internationale de Football.  It was exciting even with the US not in it.
Oh, I remember now. Is it sort of like having Olympic games? In the sense that it's international teams competing? 
Yes, and it is every four years since 1930 except for 1942 and '46 because of World War 2.
Every four years? FIFA fans has such a long suspenseful wait between big games! I wonder if they have smaller yearly tournaments as well?
They govern most of soccer aside from the World Cup.
I wonder if FIFA makes a lot of money from merchandise being sold like shirts and hats and things?
I am sure they make a ton of money.  I have heard they are even corrupt.  The sad thing is no host company has ever had any economic gains from hosting the World Cup.
That's not fair. Maybe at least the get to keep money from concession stands at the FIFA cups?
They might get to, but the cost of the infrastructure to host the world must just be ridiculous. 
Have you ever seen the old uniforms from FIFA cups years ago? They look pretty different from today! Especially their trousers.
Haha, yes.  The word trouser is an important distinction because in the UK the word pants usually means underwear!
That's pretty funny! I just heard on the news the other day how many US children are watching a British pig cartoon and they're picking up the British accent and style. They probably call pants trousers!
Haha, that would be hilarious to have my daughter just randomly talk in a British accent!
It's amazing what trends people will pick up on. In example, I heard there ways a style in China for gang members to wear as many shirts as they could and have the collars popped. Must have been very hot!
Haha, that is so ridiculous!  I much prefer the Hawaii business attire of an Aloha shirt!
Do you remember Billy Mays that oxiclean TV infomercial guy? At his funeral blue shirts and khaki pants were worn by the pallbearers just like he'd wear in his infomercials.
I remember him, that is a touching tribute!  Speaking of shirts, it is crazy that the polo shirt was originally invented just for tennis!
I've always wondered when we came up with neckties for mens' shirts. They seem like kind of a dangerous idea.
Haha, no kidding.  They are a pain to wear.  Wish we never had that idea!  
Did you know that MC Hammer's pants were the model for Aladdin's pants? I would have thought it was the other way around!
That is a fun fact, I have heard that before and it makes sense.  They look so similar!  I think I am going to listen to some Hammer now, it was great chatting with you today!
Sounds fun! I actually need to get my self some new trousers. Jeans to be exact. TTYL!
Frances McDormand was very progressive in her best actress acceptance speech.
It was powerful and a punch in the gut to the folks who run the Oscars and the committee
I think so too/ She seems like a very strong person.
Were you a fan of hers before the Oscars?
I do not think I've seen any films with her. I will have to watch some. Which other movies is she in?
I am not sure but I was confused how the inclusion order does not apply to historical movies
What are your favorite classic films?
To kill a mockingbird is my all time favorite
That's a wonderful book. I have not seen the film, though.
You should see it.  Just don't bother watching John Carter as I hear it was a flop
Okay I won't. Did you ever see Black Panther? Apparently Black Panther might be the richest super hero.
I didn't but was curious to watch Dorothy Steel to see the 91 year old actress everyone is talking about
She is in that film? I don't recall.
I also wanted to see Forest Whitaker and Lupita as I am a big fan of theirs
I think they could have been used a little more, but the cast was very strong, overall.
Do you think it will win any Oscars?
No, I don't think so. Maybe for production or something.
DId you know Denzel paid the tuition for the main actor in the movie?
I did not know that. Is it Michael B Jordan? Or the Black Panther, himself?
Chadwick Boseman. He owes Denzel big time...lol
Oh, I think that is Black Panther. Wonderful chatting!
I think its great that minutuare horses are welcomed as service animals
Me too! I wonder how many actual service animals are recognized since there are over 20 quintillion animals on the planet.
20 quintillion animals wow!!! thats a lot, and I bet many of them are service animals, 
Do tigers count as service animals because in Asia more tigers are pets than wild?
Maybe they do, that would be interesting, domesticated animals develop white patches on their foreheads, I bet those tigers have the mark
Probably! Can you imagine a country having more pets than kids under 15? Japan has that...
Thats crazy! thats more than a pet per household, 
Yup! Even Theodore Roosevelt had 20 pets!
20 pets! he had a zoo at home lol, I wonder what kind of pets he had
I know he had a bear and a hyena.
Can bears and hyenas even be domesticated or even be legal to have as pet!!! out of the 20 quintillion animals a million are insects
I doubt it! I do know that cats are domesticated and what's funny is the first cloned cat was named copy cat! LOL!
That is funny im more of a dog person myself, there are cat cafes in Taiwan and Japan, they must really love cats over there
I like dogs more too, but even I don't like dogs enough to let one be my mayor like they did in Talkeetna, Alaska with a cat!
I heard mayor Stubbs died! I bet he did a better job than many politicians in our country
I wonder how he even got on the ballot?!  I wonder how he ever got anything done since a cat that lives for 15 years has spent 10 of the sleeping?
I guess it started as a joke but then it really catched on and he ended up winning the election many funny things happen by accident like the cat in the Godfather 1
Very true and the Loch Ness Monster being a protected species even though some don't believe he's real!
I dont think Nessie is real but its nice to know he is a protected species, Nessie must be part of a rare specie
I don't think he's real either. Germany also loves their animals because they gave them constitutionally guaranteed rights.  Nice chatting with you!
I guess its fair to give them constitutional rights, some people can be really cruel to animals
Hi. What kind of music do you like these days?
I am all about rock and country music right now, how about you?
I listen to country music a lot these days. Do you know when did country music first got originated?
Was it the 40s?
No. It was in the 1920s but it gained popularity in the 1940s.
nice, Do you have a favorite country music singer?
I really like Blake Sheldon but I also like George Strait as well.
Me too! George Strait was great back in the day! APparently he is jeff bezos cousin
Yes. I read that somewhere. That is a very interesting fact. Do you know from where country music took its roots from by any chance?
I don't know that actually
It was from folk and blues music which is surprising to me. 
I could see folk but not so much blues. That is interesting to say the least. Henry Ford I think had a part in country music becoming popular
I agree. I think he helped financing its popularity. Is that correct?
Yea, because he had a fear over the urban decadence of jazz music....
Ha Ha!! That is both funny and interesting at the same time. Do you know how many African  American are in the country music hall of fame?
I only know one african american and that is darius rocker, so maybe not many?
They are just 2 African Americans in the hall of fame.
Wow, that is crazy. I wonder how many african americans currently sing country that may have the chance to be added.
I'm very sure that more will get added in near future. You mentioned earlier Darius Rucker which I'm a big fan of his. 
For sure, I want to listen to some country now. It was so great chatting with you!
It was great chatting with you as well. Thanks and have a nice night!!!
You too, thanks!
All the nation in the world want to lift the trophy is the FIFA World cup which is also know as World cup. The football competition held between men team.
It is a classic to watch, do you have a favorite team?
Germany. Which is your favourite team ?
Brazil! My second home. It would be the USA but they are never in. 
The first international football is played between Scotland and England in 1872. The match was draw.
That would have been exciting but I would want a winner. The US got third place in the first fifa world cup... in 1930!
It is very interesting. In 1998, 32 team are participate in the world cup before only 24 team are allowed in the world cup festival.
I wonder why that is, only limited amount of room?
From 1930 to 1970, the Jules Rimet Trophy is awarded to the world cup winning team.
I never knew that! do you have a favorite shirt?
Polo shirt is my favourite. What about you ?
I love polo shirts. They were originally invented for tennis players I think
Its is more comfortable to wear. It absorb the sweat very easily in the summer period. Its is suitable for both hot and cold climate.
Nice, I think they were created for the Lacoste tennis play. I wonder why they chose polo
The business man use suite and tie for the professional meeting. It makes very neat and comfortable and give gentle look.
That makes sense, I can't stand the business look unfortunately. Too classy for me! Did you hear what they wore at billy mays funeral?
The shirts made of woven cloth is mainly used in earlier days.
yea, but they wore blue shirts and khaki pants at the funeral. Good thing it wasn't aladdin's pants, they were modeled after MC Hammer
Its really very interesting. 
For sure, good chatting with you!
Yes. Have a great day.
You as well!
Hi, do you know what inclusion rider is?
I do not. I hear an oscar winner talked about it in her speech though
Yeah. I wonder what she was referring to? It looks like she is helping the smaller roles on films.
its to counter biases on casting.. I still dont think i understand all that it means but if you are making millions who can complain
It is more about the extras and crew get represented equally in terms of real demographics.
on another note. walt disney holds the record for most oscars with 22
that's a lot. Daniel day-lewis has 3!
eminem has oscars??? for what?
8 mile soundtrack. Best original song, I think.
well he has more than leo, jonny depp, will smith, george lucas and bill murray combined. im not sure any of them eve have an oscar
Leo got one for the revnant, right?
did he? maybe that was his first? i know george didnt get any for star wars but his wife did for the editing
that's nuts to me. I wonder if he was nominated?
i dont think so but im not for sure on that. the oscars are the oldest worldwide entertainment award show
Did you ever see black panther? I feel like that should have been nominated.
i actually couldnt get into it. i feel like it was nominated for something. did you know black panther is richer than tony stark?!
I did not. I kknow tony stark is rich so black panther has to be loaded!
$500 billion. tony is a mere 80 billion lol
That can't even get you a good place in NYC! How can he live?
HA! chadwick boseman was accepted to a premiere school and couldnt afford it, an anonymous benefactor paid for it.. turns out to be denzel
That's so kind of him. Nice chatting with you!
How would one bring a mini horse on a plane as a support animal?
Some of those miniature hoses are small, but they'd seem to still take up a lot of space on a plane.  I would not want to be next to one.
No particularly because I've been around horses. If it isn't trained properly that is going to be one foul smelling plane. 
That crossed my mind too.  A monkey would be of concern for me too.  Eventually a line has to be draw.
Yeah I can see dogs and maybe even a cat but when it devolves into strange animals I think it is okay to say no. I get it is their support but there has to be a line for everyone else's safety. 
Snakes too, it reminds me of that movie a few years back, Snakes on a Plane.  Maybe I could take my service elephant on my next flight.
lol they might balk at that a bit. It is not a popular opinion I'm sure but I think that there should be laws about what constitues a service animal and it should be limited to certain animals for public safety. 
Agreed I know there is the American with Disabilities act, and it has to be honored, but you have to think of everyone else when making decisions.
So true. I think everyone is so scared of offending someone that we are allowing things that are just utterly ridiculous. 
My daughter would love a horse, miniature or otherwise.  It's just not in our budget.
Horses do tend to get spendy. Especially the miniature versions. When you get a mini version of something they are inclined to health problems because of the breeding that has been done. They also don't tend to live as long. 
I did not know that, sounds like you know a bit a about horses.  Do you have pets?
I have a couple dogs but we had a horse growing up and we knew lots of horse people including a mini breeder. I don't think he had them as emotional support animals though. 
There's a famous advert from Britain featuring a Shetland pony.  It became famous for about two weeks for doing a moonwalk or something, faked of course.
nice. They can do so many cool tricks if trained properly why bother to fake something like that? Do you have pets?
Kids have rabbits each, and we have a small dog.  My daughter come home one day and said she wanted a snake, we compromised with the rabbit.
I couldn't have a snake. I don't mind them outside but inside would be a hard no from me too. Rabbits are nice. Quite a docile pet. 
We got really lucky with the rabbits, they put up with a lot from the kids.  My wife used to breed them when she was young and did them for 4H.
There are some beautiful rabbit breeds out there. It is always fun to walk through the building at the county fair and see them. I wouldn't mind having an angora. 
My daughter wants to train her ever since she saw a Youtube video of rabbits leaping a fenced obstacle course.
That would be so cool to see. It has to be easier to do than trying to train a cat like you see a bunch of people on youtube doing. 
Are you a comic book fan??  I am a huge fan.  Dis you know Disney bought Marvel in 2009.
No, I didn't know that.
Marvel started in 1939.  Stan Lee and Jack Kirby created Fantasic Four and many others.
Cool, did you see Black Panther?
Yes, it was great.  Sony had a chance to buy all of Marvel's cinematic rights for $25 million.  However they turned it down amd only bought the rights to Spiderman for 10 million.  Big Mistake.
Wow, did you know that Black panther is the richest of all the superheroes?
Man, I didn't know that.  I did know that there is one character owned by both Marvel and DC.  His name is Access and his whole purpose is to keep both company Universis separate.
Cool. Did you see Avengers Infinity war?
Yes, I have seen all the Marvel movies.  I heard that Marvel created a superhero specifically for a 4 year old named "Blue Ear" because the boy was uncomfortable wearing hearing aides. 
What was the superpower of the Blue Ear superhero?
That I don't know.  But the boy told his mom that "superheros don't wear hearing aids" so Marvel created one. 
Oh, did you know that according to Marvel mutants are not humans?
I have read that before.  You mentioned Infinity War.  That was the first movie ever shot entirely with digital imax cameras. 
Did digital imax cameras make the movie look better and if so why?
 That, I do not know.  I am not that knowledgeable.  Jarvis, who is in the Iron man films and Avengers is never actually seen on screen, only his voice. 
Interesting. What are the Infinity Stones in the MCU?
When the universe was created it was broken up into 6 Infinity Stones that were all powerful.
Oh, did you know Marvel Comics used to be called Atlas Comics?
Now that, I did not know.  I did know that Black Panther was not named after the Black Panther Party.  The comic character actually predates the founding of the party. 
Fascinating. What other Marvel movies is Chris Evans in besides Avengers: Infinity War?
Well, I will leave you with this.  Chadwick Boseman, who played Black Panther was accepted into a prestigious summer theater program at Oxford University.  I hope you have a great New Year. 
Hello,  do you know much about congress?
I know a little bit about Congress. I know that there are three Subway Lines that are exclusive to US Congress members, thats pretty crazy
I think that is amazing, and so convenient for them not to have to take public transportation. 
Yes I agree with you. I also know that the Democrats and Republicans plan annual baseball game. They've been doing it since 1909
Nice,  that seems like its just putting fuel to the fire lol 
Yep I agree with you. And Republicans are up by three points haha which is definitely something that they will keep in mind when they're making laws probably LOL
haha right!
There's also people that do fantasy Congress? I didn't know that because you would think there was only fantasy football. But people make a fantasy sport out of anything I guess haha.
Yeah Ive even heard of fantasy spelling bees lol 
Haha I guess. Also weird is that Elmo testified before Congress, he's the only non-human person to do so, so I assume that he did it in character LOL that's weird
That is weird,  I wonder why though.  I hope its on video somewhere lol 
Haha I must be on YouTube Somewhere. Pretty cool though that the first woman was elected to congress in 1916. That means that she was elected before any woman had the right to vote, so men had voted her in.
That is pretty cool. 
Think about the Democrat Party by the way? The modern democratic party was founded in 1828 by supporters of Andrew Jackson apparently. I didn't know that
There hasnt been a us president who wasnt a rep or dem since 1853!
Nope that's a long time! It's also interesting how the parties have shifted in their ideas over time, for instance, Ronald Reagan used to campaign as a Democrat to Rally against High corporate profits and lower wages
Yeah.  Did you know 15% of the tea party movement identified with democrat
No I didn't know that. That is interesting though. I also didn't know that the colors of red and blue were not typically used with Democrats and Republicans, that is a more recent invention
Yeah me either,  I thought it has always been like that lol 
Do you watch The Simpsons by the way? Fox News tried to sue them because they were making fun of them. What fox owns The Simpsons I thought? So how would that work?
Yeah I used to love the simpsons.  Thats hilarious. 
Have you seen Black Panther?
Hello there, I have not seen it yet no.  I would like to though, how about you?
I'm interested too. He's supposed to be the richest superhero in the world, richer than Bruce Wayne. Of course, is Batman really a superhero?
Yeah I had heard that, I am surprised there is a superhero that has more wealth than Bruce Wayne. 
Well, Walt Disney has enough money to buy Marvel, so they are probably richer than everyone else involved.
Yeah that is true.  Did you know they briefly changed the name to black leopard at one point?
I did not know that. I thought it had something to do with the Black Panther Party. 
Yeah I think that is why they changed it for a short period, because they didn't want people to be confused. 
Yeah. I don't think globalization was a Black Panther platform.  They probably advocated more isolationist or separatist policies. 
Yeah you might be right on that.  Are you a fan of Marvel comics in general?
I liked Marvel when I was a kid. I recently saw a clip or Robert Downy Jr playing Iron Man. AC DC was the background music. Looks great.
Yeah he plays the Iron Man character in all the movies.  I haven't seen them, but know that he does. 
Marvel has so many superheros. I hear they created one, Blue Ear, just for a single fan. 
Yeah I thought that was really cool, I think he is a deaf character that uses hearing aids. 
I like the villains too. Dr Strange is quite the intellectual.
Yeah I have only heard good things about that one, but again I have not had a chance to see it.  And yeah, I think they have to make them just as good as the heroes. 
A lot of people like Killmonger. The Russo directors do a good job with a variety of characters.
I have never heard of that one but sounds very interesting.  What is your favorite villian of all time?
Danny Devito's Penguin. But m'baku evolving into a villain seems interesting.
Nice! Yeah he was awesome in that, there are some scenes that I will never forget with him in that character.  Politics at its finest. 
I would advise staying offline to avoid spoilers. They are everywhere.
Yeah I think you are right.  Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a nice day. 
Do you enjoy films?
I do, I like to watch movies, do you ?
I do too. I recently enjoyed spiderverse and black panther
Black Panther was a great movie I really liked it, hope there's a second part of the film.
Well the marvel movies are a progression of the power stones
Did you like the leading actor, Chadwick Boseman?
I think he is doing well
He is a great actor, fun fact about Black Panther but he is actually the richest super hero out there
Well while bruce wayne and ironman own companies, black panther owns a country
Yeah that kind of makes sense still Bruce Wayne was like the richest hero surprising to hear his not. 
I still fell batman is the rich superhero
I guess $80 billion is a lot of money, do you like Tom Hanks?
Ya, why?
He is the highest all time box office star, he has earned a lot of money over the years. 
That is pretty cool. Would you rather be nominated for the oscars a dozen or so times and never receive it or just never be nominated?
I would like to be nominated. Can be really frustrating but in the end being nominated would make me grow as an actor what about you?
I guess I agree, but being nominated so many times, but never winning would still be a bit depressing
It would be depressing, yeah, just like the movie Trojan Wars and their box office of barely $309 after a $15 million investment. 
Lol true true. Well box office doesn't accurately indicate the quality of a film
It doesn't many good films had a terrible box office like Sleeping Beauty or Treasure Planet. 
True true, but both are films that are core to my childhood. In any case, thanks for chatting. 
Hello! How are you today?
I'm doing good. What about you? 
Same here, just watching a movie on Netflix. Do you like watching movies?
I do, and unlike a lot of people I like the Oscars. Did you know the Oscars were nominated for 9 Emmy's in 2013?
They must have not had many other nominees back then lol. It seems like Walt Disney would have won since he's won so many in his life!
I'm pretty sure Walt has 22 Oscars under his name.
That is a lot of oscars! It's funny to think Eminem has more oscars than some super famous people.
Does he really? Like who?
He has more than Johnny Depp, Leonardo Decaprio, Will Smith, George Lucas, and Bill Murray combined!
Wow! That is pretty amazing. Have you heard of the movie Blazing Saddles?
I've seen it, it is a funny comedy. You don't see many comedies at the Academy Awards though.
Well, surprisingly that one has been nominated for 3 Oscars!
Very cool! Have you seen the movie Black Panther?
I have not seen it, but I've heard about it. 
That won a lot of oscars this year. I enjoyed watching it for sure! He's considered the richest superhero.
Yeah, I've heard he has an estimated wealth of $500 billion.
That's so much more than tony stark's 100 billion. Just give me one billion of that and I'll be happy lol.
I would be too. The Marvel Comics character Black Panther was not named after the Black Panther party.
Didn't he predate the party itself?
Yes, that is correct.
I'm going to look more into the movie. I enjoyed chatting, have a great day!
hey there did you know that gov. employees have their own personal subway in Washington DC?
I think I heard that before. It makes sense for safety reasons. It's actually three different subway lines
ya its a good idea, weird that us congress does baseball games every year, and I guess Republicans are up by 3 overall
It's America's pastime, and it's good camaraderie. Plus, for a tradition to be going on for 110 years, that's not much of a win difference
ya hopefully it heals their differences, would you ever play fantasy politics btw?
I can barely keep up on politics, though some who have a strong interest in it would find it fun. A woman was elected to Congress before she had the right to vote
that is weird! That means that men voted her in!
Exclusively men. Maybe many of them were vying for change as much as women were. That, or maybe her name sounded masculine. They didn't have television back then for everyone to be familiar with faces
ya thats true, did you hear about the only non-human to testify before congress?
Wasn't it Elmo? I wonder how that worked considering he's a puppet
haha ya I don't know it seems dumb to me, like is it elmo or the puppeteer really testifying haha
Exactly. What's interesting is that the term for Congress goes as far back as the late Middle Ages. That's a long time ago
wow that is a long time, do you like the democrat party?
There are good and bad things about both parties, Apparently the Simpsons are anti-Democratic to the point that Fox threatened to sue them
ya that is weird, but yes kind of crazy that red and blue only started being used for dems and repubs in 2000
That's probably when campaigning became a big deal. It's less weird than the fact that the name was originally the Democratic-Republican Party
ya that name just would confuse me haha, weird too that 15% of tea partiers identify as the democrats
I'm not even sure what the Tea Party Movement is supposed to be. For over 150 years now, all Presidents have been either Republican or Democrat
ya that is a long time, weird too that Reagan campaigned for the Democrats back in his younger years
He was against low wages and high corporate profits. Who knows what changes took place between then and when he became President
ya, do you like Jazz music btw/ I know that Clint Eastwood does
I like it in small doses, and I like music that has Jazz elements added to it. Maybe that's why he was even interested in Million Dollar Baby
Hi, do you like Marvel comics?
I wouldn't say that I'm into the comics so much but I have enjoyed the movies. I know a little about the comics. 
Same here. In 1998, Marvel offered its movie rights to almost all of its characters to Sony for $25 million.
Oh wow! That was a mistake. I can't imagine how much those movies have made combined. Have you heard of the superhero Blue Ear?
I have not head of Blue Ear. Which character is that?
Marvel created the character just for a young boy who was uncomfortable wearing the hearing aids that he needed and stated that superheroes don't wear hearing aids. 
Wow that's pretty amazing. Wish more companies did acts of kindness like that.
I agree. It was incredible nice of them. Did you now that sir Isaac Newton is in the Marvel universe?
I did not know that. That's pretty cool.
I agree. He was once sorcerer supreme which is the same title given to Doctor Strange. 
Very cool. Do you like the Avengers?
I do. 
I saw that the Infinity War movie was the first film to ever be shot entirely with digital Imax cameras.
Oh wow. I did not know that. Infinity War is very good. Did you know that the actor who plays Jarvis has never seen the films?
Really? Does it say why he never watched them?
No I have not heard why. I have heard many actors say they do watch their own movies because they are too critical on themselves so perhaps that's why. 
That's really odd. I saw the waitress Captain America saves voiced Gretchen in the recess.
I did not know that. That's very interesting. Did you know that Robert Downey Jr hid food on the Avengers set?
I did not know that. Does it say why?
He does not but nobody could find his hiding spots and when he is eating blueberries on screen it's unscripted and part of his stash. 
It was great talking to you!
Hi, how are you?
Hey! I'm great thanks, how are you today? Have you ever seen Avengers: Infinity War? It's the first film ever to be filmed entirely with digital IMAX cameras.
I have seen that movie. I really liked it. Did you see it?
No I didn't. I'm not really into superhero movies. I haven't seen Black Panther either, the other Marvel Comics superhero film.
I really liked black panther. He is the richest superhero!
Yeah I know! Richer than Bruce Wayne who has a net worth of $80 billion. I don't even know what I'd do with $1 billion.
I would find a way to be happy... His estimated wealth is at $500 billion!
I thought otherwise, but Black Panther wasn't named after the Black Panther party. The comic actually predates the group.
The symbols and written script aren't made up. They are actually based on actual script call nsibdi. It dates back to the 4th century.
That's interesting. I know too that Marvel censored "Praise Hanuman!" because they feared it would lead to backlash.
Did you see Chadwick Boseman was accepted into an Oxford program and couldn't afford it but Denzel Washington paid for him to go?
That's admirable of Denzel Washington! I actually just watched the movie American Gangster last night. And Boseman didn't get to thank Denzel in person until 20 years later at Black Panther's premier.
Wow. That's really nice. Did you know the voice actor who did Jarvis for the Iron man series and avengers has never seen the films?
Ha maybe he's not a fan of superhero movies like me. Are you a fan of Marvel comics? They're responsible for so many superheros. Daredevil, Ghostrider, the Hulk, Magneto, etc....
I do like them but I do not go out of my way to watch them. I feel like they have saturated the market with them. 
Agreed. It's crazy that they offered their cinematic rights to Sony for only $25m but Sony rejected it and bought Spiderman for $10m.
Seems like a lack of vision on their part. do you know what shawarma is?
Maybe.. Is it a type of food?
I am not sure. I do know the avengers caused an increase in its sales...
Hmm. I gotta look that up haha. Did you know Lou Ferrigno, who played the Hulk in the 1970s series, still voices the character and has been for decades?
I had no idea! Nice chatting with you!
Hello, how are you?
I am good!  Have you seen the movie ant man and wasp?
No, I have not. Have you? Sounds interesting.
No i have not either!  Paul rudd is in it.  Do you know who he is?
Yes, I like him. He's a good actor. Do you watch boxing matches?
Yeah he is!  No o do not
Boxing matches have to  breaks so they don't do something wrong and to not keep pounding each other.
Oh really?  They are called rounds aren;t they?
Yes, Next spring the fourth Avengers movie comes out. Have you seen any?
Yeah... just saw infinity war and it was really good!  Did you see it?
No, good to know, I want to see that. Do you like Marvel Comics?
Yes very much!  Some of the movies are redundant though!  That's cool the lou ferrigno has been doing the voice of hulk!
Yes, I agree with you on that. Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Entertainment.
Yeah, i saw that!  Seems like they have been doing a good job with the movies?
Yes, But they don't have the rights to the movie Big, Xmen and Spiderman.
Oh... i did not know that?
I love that they made a movie called blue ear about a 4 year old with earring issues.
Awww... that is awesome and thoughtful!  See, there is one charecter that is owned by DC and marvel?  I wonder who it is?
I know, I don't know.The boy told his mom, superheros don't wear hearing aids, so Marvel created one. Great chat!!
Too bad Sony didn't buy all the marvel characters?  LOL
Agree, Have a great day!
Thanks!
you too.
Are you a fan of Ant-Man?
I've heard of him but haven't seen that movie. I did see Black Panther, though.
Did you like the Black Panther movie?
I thought it was kind of ridiculous, but that's how I feel about superhero movies in general. I think the theme of isolationism vs global revolution sent a very mixed message.
You dont like superhero movies!! we are on a different page there lol, but I see your point
I think I was more significant for providing a vehicle for black actors, like the 91 year old woman who made her big film debut as a tribal elder after sending in an audition tape.
Really I never paid attention to her, whats her name do you know?
Dorothy steel; she began acting at 88. Seems like a very late start compared to Chadwick Boseman, whose education at a summer theater program at Oxford was funded by Denzel Washington.
Denzel Washington really did that kid a solid, maybe he can appear in one of the Black Panther movies in a future, that would be interesting to watch
He's almost old enough to be a tribal elder at this point haha. He certainly could find a role in any of the Marvel franchises--it's pretty lucrative for a studio that had to use its IP as collateral when securing funding from Merrill Lynch.
Yeah, his an actor that would fit in the franchise perfectly, and what about Infinity War did you watch the first part?
I did not see that, but I heard a lot of big names like Robert Downey Jr. and Scarlett Johansson were in it.
Yeah Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Don Cheadle, Chadwick Boseman many great actors, the cast is crazy even Dave Bautista  is a hero
I heard that Robert Downey Jr. would actually hide food on set and actually used hidden food in scenes. Kind of gross but funny.
That is funny well he is like the leading actor of them all so I guess his entitled to anything, 
Yes, although it seems like there's a wide scope of behaviors allowed in the studio; the voice actor who played Jarvis in the Iron Man and Avengers series has never even seen the films!
Never really? that is unusual, another funny fact is how the shawarma sales went up lol
I guess people are pretty easily influenced, although sometimes it's the other way around; Marvel actually created a new superhero just for a 4 year old boy who was uncomfortable with wearing hearing aids and whose mother had told him that superheroes don't wear hearing aids.
Thats admirable, creating a hero to help a kid in trouble, do you know the name of that superhero? I have to look him up.
Its name is Blue Ear, which is probably on the same level of creativity as Ant-Man. Some people are less than even that creative, though; Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel so he could play Spider man in his own movie!
Thats crazy thank God he didnt buy the franchise that would be terrible, he would ruin the hero lol
Yes, I wonder how he would've felt about Black Panther; maybe his sister will be in the next one with Angela Bassett. Nice chatting!
Avengers: Infinity War, sounds like quite a movie. Have you seen or heard about it?
absolutely!  its a great movie!  They are coming out with a sequel to it this year!
So these movies are a continuation from a previous one. I know the Marvel Characters are highly popular. 
sort of.  Most of the marvel movies are touched in Infinity war because all of the characters make an appearance.  
That is interesting. I imagine the sequel coming out will be a very popular movie. Do the same actors play in each movie? 
No.  sometimes ant man will make an appearance in captain america movie, but not all of them are in every movie.  Infinity war will be super popular because the first one was left with a dilemma.  Its a great series you should watch it!
I will have to try and watch it! Sounds quite interesting. I read that the characters had a falling out in the Captain America Civil War but they will work together, as the need for help is there. 
Yes,  a huge falling out,  the group was divided. This is an interesting fact: When robert downey jr. was on the set of the avengers he would hide food on the sets. nobody was ever able to find it so they let him continue to do it. the scenes where he is eating blueberries and shawarma are unscripted and a part of the collection of food that he hid.
That is an interesting fact. I had not heard that before. Now the Infinity Stones are a part of each movie. Each stone is a different power or something and there are 6 of them.
Not each movie,  they are more shown in Infinity war.  a stone has mad an appearance in Dr. strange and Iron man and I think galaxy of the guardians.  But yes each stone has a different power!  I dont remember what each power is,  except one is the power of time.
Sounds like a fantastic idea. The stories are a bit SCi Fi as well as Superhero then. I did not know  Lou Ferrigno has voiced one of the characters. I remember him from The hulk show back in the 70's. 
Right!  I cant remember which character though,  which is funny because someone else plays the hulk in the Marvel movies,  Mark Ruffalo
Yes, He played the Hulk in the TV show and Bill Bixby played Dr. David Bruce Banner. I did not realize that is the same Hulk character that Mark Ruffalo plays in the movies.
Yes,  it is.  He plays Bruce Banner and I think the voice of the hulk.  the hulk is cgi.  Hes great!  Really has that awkward / smart guy thing down.  
I read here that the Avengers caused an increase in Shawarma sales, is that some kind of food that they eat? I never heard of it. 
Because of the fact i mentioned earlier lol.  robert downey jr eats it in one or two scenes lol its a greek dish if I remember. 
LOL, yes the unscripted food scenes you mentioned. Of course. Have you seen the Black Panther movie. 
Yes,  Ive seen all of the Marvel movies.  Black panther is another great one!  
Sounds like an interesting one as well. I guess I have been missing a lot not seeing all these movies.Do you know when the next may be coming out? 
all i know is its coming out this year.  You should get started on the Marvel series now,  thats a lot of movies!!  
lol, it certainly is. I will have to watch all the time in order to catch up before the new one comes out. Well thank you for filling me in on all the information , it has been wonderful chatting with you!
have a good one!
Do you watch the Olympic?
Yes, I am a big Olympic fan.  John Daly came in 16th.  This is probably his last Olympics. 
Yes he wrote about that in a twit. I think he came back though.
Oh, he did.  I didn't know that.  Are you a soccer Fan.  Did you watch the Fifa World Cup. 
I did not. Which teams played in that game?
Well, all of them play in the World Cup.  There have been 21 World Cup tournaments.
I hear there still looking for a location for the 2022 qatar fifa world cup. 
Not exactly.  However, the city that is set to host the 2022 Qatar FIFA World Cup does not exist yet. 
The hungary national football team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956, and that was the world cup final. Do you like this team? Who's your favorite?
They are ok.  My favorite team is the US.  Speaking of that, an American team has never placed below third place in the world cup since 1991, the year the women's World Cup started. 
That's Awesome! I hear that the championship has been awarded every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946 when it was not held because of the Second World War.
That makes since. You mentioned 1930.  That year, the US got 3rd place.
I guess its just an honor to host the game because there are no net economic gains for the countries that have played host to the Olympics or the world cup
Changing topics a little, I am a fan of fashion.  Did you know that during the Cultural Revolution, in China, gang fashion involved layering as many shirts as you could and popping their collars.  WEIRD
Really WEIRD! Did you know in Hawaii you don't have to wear a suit and tie to work. 
Good, I hate suites and ties.  I saw where a Judge in D.C sued a small dry cleaning business for over $67 million.  They lost his pants.  What a jerk.  
$67 million, thats crazy. Sometimes i think we put to much emphasis on clothing in this country. did you know some wedding dresses go for as much as 10k
Yes, I did know that.  Here is something that I wish every city would do.  "Saggy Pants" are against the law in Collinsville, IL.
Yes please no body wants to see there underwear. They should make them pull their Trousers up! 
I can't stand seeing kids where them sagging so that they waddle.  A funny fact is that Aladdin's pants were supposed to look like MC Hammer's pants. 
That's to funny! In the United Kingdom, the word pants generally means underwear and not trousers.
Well, the last thing I will say is that people wear pants because of horses.  In the army back in the day, when riding horses armies wearing pants were more effective than those wearing robes. 
Good to know i gain i lot. Thanks for talking with me. 
Thanks
Hello!  Do you like jazz music?
I am a big fan, but being from New Orleans where jazz originated, its almost a requirement.
That's awesome you're from there!  I would love to see those street musicians!  Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz fan.
Its root combines African-american music traditions, along with brass bands, french quadrilles, ragtime and blues
Interesting!  A woman from harlem has held jazz concerts in her apartment every Sunday for 20 years!
Thats cool.   I did not know that Pakistan has a jazz group which is topping the charts!
Who would have thought that?  Do you follow politics at all?
Yes I am a big Democrat.  Worked on Beto O'Rourkes campaign last fall.  Even though he did not get into the Congress, one of the 3 parts of government, I have hope that he will go for president.
I bet that was interesting!  There hasn't been a U.S president who wasn't republican or democrat since 1853.
Yes and the parties have changed a lot - Ronald Reagan used to actively campaign for democrats and was against low wages.
Interesting!  I didn't know that the red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started to be consistently used in 2000.  Seems to me I remember that long before then.
I am not sure.  I did find it funny that Fox News threatened to sue the simpsons - they apparently did not like being made fun of
That's funny.  Doesn't Fox own the Simpsons?
That is a good question I am not sure.   Did you know that Elmo actually testified before congress?
LOL  No. I didn't know that.  The first woman elected to congress was in 1916.
And she did not even have a right to vote at that time!  That is insane
Yes.  The republicans and democrats in the US congress have played an annual baseball game since 1909.  That's over 100 years!
That is pretty impressive.  The republicans are winning by 3 wins over those years..  But the Dems will come back!
Awesome.  I was wondering what their record was.
Have you heard of fantasy congress?  Its like fantasy football but you draft members of congress!
I never heard of that until just now.  I have to get going. It was nice chatting with you!  Have a good day!
A congress is a formal meeting of the representatives of different nations, states, organizations trade unions and political parties.
Really, tell me more about it.
The leader discuss about the welfare of the union or people and adopt new plans for the people.
how interesting. Did you know that the US congress has played a baseball game annually since 1909.
Its very interesting. In 1916 the first woman was elected to congress before she even had the right to vote in a national election.
Well Im sure that did a lot for womens rights. Just inspiring in my opinion.
Jazz is a music which originated in the New Orleans, of the United States.
I actually knew that one. Are you a jazz fan.
yes, Jazz is also know as "American classical music" Jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression.
You are a wealth of knowledge. Did you know Clint Eastwood liked jazz?
Yes, He is popular in Rawhide series. He is multi talented person.
Yes he is. He actually scored the movie he also produced, million dollar baby. Have you seen it.
Yes, Cool Jazz developed at the early of 1940 introducing calm, smoother sound and liner melodic lines.
Cool, there is a jazz orchestra in Pakistan that is currently topping the charts. Guess its still in 
There is a programming language in which the programs are in the musical composition. In the early stage its very difficult to compose jazz music.
I believe it. I dont think I could do it even if I tried.
Jazz is a form of independent traditional and popular musical styles, Jazz is characterized by swing and blue notes, call and response vocals and improvisation.
It also has roots in West African cultural and musical expression. 
You watch any Jazz musical concert ?
I dont actually. How bout you.
15% of the tea party movement identify themselves as democrats.
That's very interesting. I'm going to have to be getting to work though. You have a good day.
My dog is watching me.
Ominously? Should I call someone for you?
No, he just keeps an eye on things.  In case of snacks.  You can never tell when I will call snack time. He is a lot more fun than a pet frog.
I bet. What kind of dog do you have?
He is a shelter dog.  Mostly black lab.  But something in there brings the crazy.  Do you have pet animals? Are you ailurophile?
I am not. I am a cynophile. I just put my st bernard down last month. She was 10 and lived past her avg age. She was great.
Big dogs are fun, but short on time.  I might be allergic to cats. 
I am allergic to dogs, which I found out when my St bernard was like 2. Didn't stop me from loving her though. I have 2 cats and hate one of them and tolerate the other.
Wow.  I like the idea that a 15 year old cat has spent 10 years asleep.  If only I could do that.
Would you ever get a pet bear? Roosevelt had one.
No, no thanks to the bear.  I think It is great that people have such a variety of pets.  Had a hamster as a kid.   Some people would count a horse as a pet.
I hope this doesn't come off as callous but when people have a tiger or bear as a pet, I have no sympathy when they get attacked by it. IT'S A BEAR! It does bear things, like maul people and things. Did you hear about that girl who fell into a cage trying to take a selfie?
Yes, a Jaguar I think.  beautiful animal.  It survived unharmed. There were some cases a few years ago where a gorilla was shot to get the kid back.  Tough call.
Harambe, right? I find the girl to be incredibly dumb and nothing should happen to the cat. Just poor judgment.
Yes, Harambe. It was poor judgment.  I know of a Kentucky town called rabbit hash, their mayor is a dog.  I see that a town in Alaska has a cat for a mayor.  I wonder if they trade post cards. Sister cities and all.
I don't think. They don't get along. They fight like cats and dogs.
Right, that is always a risk.  I have never had a cat.  It is said they fight, but really, does it not depend.  Did your dog care at all about the cats?
Not really. Every once in a while she would let them know she was big but that happened infrequently. The young cat would play fight with the dog's tail and the dog was completely indifferent.
I think that most dogs would learn to tolerate what they can not catch.  If I write a paper, I would list my dog as a coauthor.  I think he would like that.
That would be nice. I think he deserves it.
Some one around here deserves something.  Take it easy out there.
Morning. Do you like cats?
I'm more of a dog person, but cats are cool. I hear there are cafes in Japan where you pay hourly to drink and hang with cats.
Yes that would be fun to see. The life of the cat seems nice. So much sleeping.
Yeah, by the time a cat reaches 15 years old, it's spent about 10 years of its life sleeping. 
Lucky cats! Have you ever seen the Godfather? The cat in the opening scene was found on set.
That's cool. I love The Godfather. No wonder that cat is so restless in the scene. There's a town in Alaska that's had a cat name Stubbs as mayor since 1997. Wonder if it has its own office?
I bet it does there are not many people in Alaska! Such a unique name too...Talkeetna.
Speaking of cats in odd positions, a physicist once published a paper with a cat as coauthor so he could write using the first person plural. 
That is pretty ingenious. That way he wouldn't be criticized. I like his style!
The first cloned pet was actually a cat. Can you guess its name?
Interesting. Haha copy cat! Very clever!
Love it! Did you know there are more tigers living as pets in the US than living in the wild in Asia? That's nuts. 
That is sad to hear. Maybe Teddy Roosevelt had one? He had a bear and a hyena!
A pet hyena sounds like a really, really bad idea. There are more pets in Japan than there are children under 15. 
Wow those Japanese love their pets! Apparently in Boulder Colorado, it is illegal to own pets. 
What? That seems crazy! Wonder if there are ways around that law?
Oh now that you ask, yes I believe they just actually say you can be a pets "guardian" and it is basically the same thing!
Too funny. Germany became the first country in the world to give animals legal rights guaranteed by the constitution. Probably can't call them pets there either.
Yes good point. I wonder if Germany allows all pets? The reason I ask is because there are so many pets like rabbits, ferrets, pigs, gerbils, hamsters, chinchillas, and many more! Well I really enjoyed chatting with you this morning.
Yes, me too!
I am gonna go look up pets online! Have a good one!
Do you like folk music? I love it but I suppose that makes sense since I am from Appalachia which is one of the homes of folk music! 
I love all country music. I grew up listening to it. 
That's great. There are so many sub genres and different origins for folk styles, from America to Europe so really there's probably something for everyone, even if they have different tastes. 
I think steel guitars have opened up some new avenues for all kinds of music for sure. It has a unique sound
Oh totally, there is this one alternative "shoegaze" band that I like that utilizes steel guitars for a nice dreamy tone.
I love that U2 pretended to be a country band and no one noticed. 
There definitely must be a crossover between those genres. 
Oh for sure. They both have their roots in the english ballads I feel. 
It's also funny because guitars like the fender stratocaster were designed for country music specifically but I know that that's a popular guitar among punk and indie musicians. 
And we always think of the violin as such a classical instrument but it is included in so much of country music that it is iconic. 
I think that combo of electric and acoustic guitars is such a classic across many genres now too. 
Very true. I have a hard time with george strait and jeff bezos being cousins though
I know, that's so weird! I am always hearing about famous people who are surprisingly related like that.
Right?! They just seem to be polar opposites. 
Seriously, that's true. But I guess success comes in many forms since they're both doing so well for themselves.
Very true. I think people still have a stigma about country because of its hillbilly roots. 
If so I think that's simply because people fail to understand the rich, deep history of the genre- they think it's all about modern day redneck behavior but these are genres that were born nearly a hundred years ago at least.
Very true. It has woven through blues and rock.
So true! But then again, "country" was the most listened to rush hour radio genre just about ten years ago. 
Musical tastes change so much in such a short time. It is good though-opens peoples eyes to the world around them. 
It can almost be a bit sad too. I just read the other day that hip hop/rap is now overwhelmingly the most popular genre in the US now, which I am not a fan of, but I guess technically it's like modern jazz.
I would much rather have vintage jazz. There is something unsettling yet beautiful about the musical arrangements. 
Hi, do you like pets?
Yes, I like to study pets, all things pets and cats.
did you know in fact the first cloned pet was a cat!
What, I did not know that! Crazy! I even like to believe in the Loch Ness MOnster,lol. Ya know the Scottish put forth provisions to protect it in 1912.
Wow, protect a monster!! That is so funny... and just so you know the name of the cloned cat , is copy cat!
Oh geez, Copy Cat! That is too funny, these too story both sound fiction even though one isn't. Ya know there are 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth, with us. 
That is so cool! I love animals, I just need a little more time to study all of them! hahaha Did you know is illegal to own a pet in Boulder , CO?
What its illegal to own a pet? How can that possibly be? That sounds crazy.
But they say you can be the pet's guardian.. who can understand that?
Oh wow, okay, I see what you mean. Its word games. I was noticing that in Japan there are more pets than children!
Wow , how could this be! And I did learn that there are more tigers that are livings as pets that living a wild life in Asia!!
Yike, tigers don't seem like ideal pets! Our former president Roosevelt had over 20 pets while he in the White House.  
Wow! He loved animals, wonder what kind of animals he had?
He had a bear, hyena and many other random animals. I guess he loved them,lol
Wow, even wild animals, he should have moved to Africa! Did you know about the cat cafes in Japan?
Good point!! Yeah, what the heck was he thinking! Cat Cafes, oh boy?
you pay to play with cats and have drinks.. I would go out of curiosity, what about you?
Hmmm, I am allergic to cat so I would run from a place like that.lol. I recently found out that when a cat reached 15 yrs old it has slept 10 years of its life already.
Wow , they are serous sleepers! Did you know a cat was named mayor in a town of Alaska?
HAHA, no that is weird! I was able to visit there once its a town called Talkeetna, Alaska. The cat is named Stubbs and it been mayor since 1997. Very remote and odd.
wow, so cool you visited there. Maybe i am going myself to check it sometime. It is so cool to talk about pets and animals, they are great!
Yes, thank you for the great chat and have a wonderful rest of your day.
Did you watch the last FIFA World Cup?
I didn't want the last one but i saw the one before the last
I didn't watch the most recent one either, but I read about all the excitement up to France winning.
Usually my family and I watch the FIFA Wold cup and watch spain
Are you a fan of Spain's team?
Yes I am. Well I'm a little neutral towards them. My family loves the team though.
I don't know much about the individual teams. Does your family have a connection to Spain, or did they just end up enjoying that team most?
Some of our family used to live in spain, so we just grew up loving the team.
That's awesome! I lived in Belgium when I was little. Never thought to check if they had a team, though.
Haha nice. Yeah so we have been watching them for awhile. I'm not a huge soccer fan though.
I played soccer when I was little and always liked playing more than watching. I was definitely not World Cup material, though.
I played soccer as a kid! I played in high school, but that's all. I'm terrible. But in high school no one got cut haha.
I played before high school, so at that age they were pretty soft on us. No one got cut from the team for us either. I think I still have my old soccer uniform shirt.
Nice. Do you know who won the world cup last year. I havn't kept up
I think the last winner was France when they had the tournament in Russia. The next one will be in Qatar, which ought to be interesting.
Nice. Maybe I'll actually watch it this year.
I don't think it'll be until 2022, since it's not a yearly tournament.
Lol shows how much I keep up with soccer. 
Haha, I'm no expert either. I just figure I'd hear about it in the news a lot more often if it were a yearly thing.
Ahhhh. Do they host it in different counties each year?
Yes, on a bidding system I think. Last time Russia won, and this time Qatar made the winning bid.
Did you watch Infinity War?
I have not yet. I like Marvels superheroes but mostly on the Netflix series. How about you?
I watched it and loved it I also like the Netflix series, too bad they got cancelled
Really? They got cancelled? I like superhero stories where the stories are focused on one hero. Seems like it focuses on many in Infinity War.
Yeah they got cancelled its a shame, I really liked them and yeah , Marvel has dominated the Superhero market for over 10 years, I love the cast, the directors,
I have heard that the villain in the movie is pretty cool, Thanos
Yeah a great villain the Hulk had no chance against him, it was humiliating, but no spoilers
Yeah I heard he was much more powerful than the superheroes and it makes the movie different because usually superheros come out on top.
I like how Robert Downey Jr acts, he is so funny Iron Man is my favorite hero, do you have a favorite one?
I like The Punisher, I think because he doesn't really have out of this world super powers.
hat about Star-Lord his another hero without powers, did you watch Guardians of the Galaxy?
I have not watched that yet. I have not even watched Black Panther which I hear was a big hit! He's the richest superhero.
You should really watch that one as well, yeah he has more money than Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark combined and then multiplied
Yeah. I thought the script I have seen relating to Black Panther was made up. It turns out it is based on ancient script.
It was, wow, that is amazing, the actor of the movie is also really good, Chadwick Boseman is his name
I guess he got his break with the help of Denzel Washington!
Yeah Denzel paid for his education, that was a great thing to do, he must be really grateful because of that
Yes, cool he got to thank Denzel in person at the Black Panther premiere.
His role in Infinity War was awesome, maybe Denzel can become a hero for the franchise one day
So was there a lot of shawarma eating in Infinity War?
I think its because of the first movie and the ending scene, heroes gather in a shawarma place. 
Do you have a favorite Disney movie?
Too many lol Frozen,  Little Mermaid,  Moana,  Lion King,  Aladdin.  How about you?
You're right; it is hard to choose. I do enjoy the movie Wall-E. The name actually comes from Walter Elias Disney, kinda like a nickname of sorts
Right.  That movie was ok, def not my favorite of the disney pixar,  I like inside out,  monsters inc,  toy story and finding nemo. 
It's still a cute movie though, I wonder if there are any hidden Mickey Mouse images in it. There's a whole subculture dedicated to finding those Easter eggs
yeah I know,  I have only seen like in Disneyland,  those things are hard to find!  I sometimes see them in movies but I really like looking for other movie characters in the movies,  when they kinda do a special appearance lol  
Did you ever see the movie Flubber? It's been so long since I've seen it that I don't remember much, but Bill Nye was the science consultant for the movie
I actually never seen that movie..  any good?  
It stars Robin Williams, so you know it's going to be funny. Another funny one I like is Big Hero 6. They had to use a 55,000-core supercomputer to render that animation
That movie was really good too!  I had no idea it was so hard to make. 
I know! Minnie Mouse is still one of my favorite classic characters though. Her name is actually short for Minerva Mouse. Minnie is more catchy if you ask me
That makes sense,  I never knew that.  Mickey is my favorite.  Did you hear there is going to be a star wars land in Disneyland?
That would be so epic! I would go just for that. It would also be cool to see the headquarters though since it's such a big leader in American animation
Yeah i think it will be open in the next year or so.  Pretty awesome.  Did you know on the ride Pirates of the caribbean there is an actual real human skull?
I think I read that in a book recently, actually. I haven't been on that ride yet, but it would be fun to go
Yeah the skull was donated by a school when Disneyland first opened.  You have never been to Disneyland?
No, I haven't. I had the choice to a few years ago, but chose to do Six Flags instead. I also really enjoyed the San Diego Zoo, especially seeing all the species of birds
I never been to the san diego zoo but I hear its amazing. 
When I went, there was a peacock walking around among the visitors. I've heard that most birds' feathers weigh more than their bones because their bones are so hollow
Oh wow that is weird lol ugh I cant imagine my bones being hollow. 
I also can't imagine what it would be like going without sleep when migrating from Alaska to Northern Mexico
Have you been horseback riding? They are mammals with an odd number of toes.
Yes, I have!  A few times at camp, that's about it though.  I've always found them to be fascinating animals though.  Did you know Dalmatians used to protect and calm horses?  That's why they're associated with fire fighters.
Where did you go to camp? I went to highlander in NC. We rode normal horses of today, as opposed to 45-55 million years ago when they were a small multi toed animal.
I went to a special camp in Missouri for kids with asthma.  All the counselors had "inhaler" necklaces just in case.  Yeah, horse back riding was one of the activities available.  It's funny, with all my allergies, I didn't have any problems with the horses.  
Clint Eastwood was allergic to horses. Must have been a pain for all his movie roles with horses.
He probably had a bunch of Allegra or something on set.  Poor guy!  It's weird, do you know there are horses that are born black and brown but turn completely white about six years in their life? 
I have heard of them. I believe they are call lipizzaner horses. White horses are rare.
Yeah, I wonder if anyone ever saw one in the forest and though a branch was a horn, thus given birth to the idea of a unicorn?  Be an interesting idea to research I think...
I would love to research how nature gave birds the ability to lay hard shelled eggs. They have a high metabolic rate. I assume from the all the exercise of flying.
Yeah, they have all sorts of interesting adaptation for flight.  Did you know their bones are so hollow that their feathers weigh more than their skeleton?  
That blows my mind! It is unfortunate the dodo bird is extinct, as I would love to see one in person.
Weird, that it's part of the family of pigeons and extinct, considering how ubiquitous pigeons are in a lot of our major cities!
Pigeons are everywhere in Disney. I love visiting and looking for all of the hidden mickey images.
I've never had the honor of going to any of the Disney places, but would love to do so someday.  I can't believe how much STUFF they own, Marvel, Star Wars, you name it, it's like they're trying to take over the world!  :)
You MUST visit! It's so fun! Go see Minerva "Minnie" Mouse in Orlando!
oh, is that her full name?  I didn't know that!  Did you know they named Wall-E as a reference to Walter Elias Disney?  
That's a sweet shout out to Walt. They should name a character after his brother Roy too.
I'm sure they have, somewhere... It's amazing to think how far Disney has come since it was starting in 1923.  They're even rolling out there own streaming service!
I hope they show Flubber on their streaming service. I love the accuracy due to Bill Nye's consulting work.
Lots of CGI in that movie... speaking of CGI did you know it took a 55,000 core supercomputer to render all the artwork in Big Hero 6?  Makes sense with all the visual effects in that movie!
That was another great movie. Nice chatting with you!
Hi. Do you enjoy riding horses? Apparently the horse evolved over the past 45-55 million years from a small multi toed creature!
wow thats crazy! You're right theyve been around for a long time, humans first started domesticating them back in 4000BC
Wow surprising. There are even feral populations of horses but most consider the Prezewalski horse the only true wild breed.
thats interesting, also interesting that Clint Eastwood was allergic to horses, he rode so many in his career
Oh wow that would make work tough! Highschool students once got suspended for riding their horses to school!
lol thats funny, I love dalmations and I always wondered by they were associated with firehouses, I guess they would calm the horses down back when firehouses used horses
Yeah that is interesting. I wonder if they calm the Icelandic horses who actually have a fifth speed in addition to the 4 that traditional horses have. 
wow thats cool, the extra speed is called the tolt, I wonder why other horses can't move at that speed?
Yeah good question. I always thought it was funny how horses are afraid of birds. Birds are so small and light-their bones are even hollow!
that is crazy! Birdsare delicious btw I just ate some chicken! Its amazing that they range in size from 5cm to almost 3 meters!
Yeah they come in all shapes! They can even fly from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping!
wow that is a lot of time, can you believe there is a species of bird that uses spiderwebs to make their nests, that is hard core!
Yeah it is. There are even birds in Australia who mimic the sound of a camera!
haha I would be more terrified that they can also mimic the sound of a chainsaw! That would scare me silly at night haha
Yes good point! A lot of birds eat mice. Actually Minnie Mouse is short for minerva mouse!
wow didn't know that! I also didnt know that the pigeon is closely related to the dodo bird, maybe we can use them to help us clone dodo birds back into exisitence
Yeah good idea. That would be a funny disney character- a dodo bird! Bill Nye actually worked with Disney on the Flubber film!
haha well thats interesting, did you see the movie Big Hero 6? apprently they created it on a 55,000 core computer, which sounds like a supercomputer to me!
Oh wow never seen it but maybe I should! Apparently there are "hidden mickeys" in all things Disney and there are a lot of people who strive to find them lol!
haha wow sounds like they have too much time on their hands, also did you know that Wall-e the movie was named after Walter Elias Disney?
Oh no I didn't no that! Disney has come so far from simply starting as an animation company.
Hey there. So I was looking at some info on voting that was pretty interesting
Did you vote during the midterms?
I did indeed. Rather important elections as of late, eh? Did you?
I did as well. I was hoping the Democrats would have taken the Congress too.
Well, they did make inroads and the ones that got in seem to be a fiery progressive bunch. So I have hope. Did you know that astronauts get to vote from space?
I always wondered how they are able to do that. By what mechanism to they use to cast their secret ballot
The ISS is a heck of a polling station to get to. :) Fortunately many methods of collecting votes are allowed
Voter suppression is still an issue in many states and it is frustrating to see what some will do to keep people from voting
It seems like there's only one party that has surpressed voted. They've completely disenfranchised 34% of the black male vote in Alabama for instance 
Very sad. Suppression was alive and well in Georgia and North Dakota as well.
Hopefully we keep making progress in Congress and turn some of this around. :) 
I can't believe that the Congress is not listening to its voters and holding them hostage with this shutdown
I'm not surprised that the senate would ignore the will of the people, sadly. I am glad that they are being exposed for doing so more lately, though. We need to have Elmo testify before congress again.
Constituents need to contact their Congressman at the subway line and have a chat with them on the way to the capitol
Oh, I'm sure they have the subway line well far away from where any constituent could ever reach it. But, I do agree that people need to speak up more. Can't keep letting the extremes dictate things just because they're the loudest.
Congress was stating this weekend that they may be close to a deal to reopen government.
House has already passed it. Senate and pres are sitting on their hands. Won't go anywhere until they cave.
But then we will have to hope the President doesn't change his mind again and signs the bill.
He'll have to check to see what Vladimir Putin wants him to do first. I'm sure they'll sort it out. In the meantime, I think everyone blocking progress should have to wear a dunce cap while in session.
I should start my own Fantasy Congress league to track the performance a bit closer each week.
My fantasy Congress has passed national healthcare and free college. Definitely fantasy. :P
I agree, great platform!
I didn't know that astronauts could vote from space, did you?
Well, if a chimpanzee can receive enough votes to come in third in a mayoral election, I guess anything is possible.
That's true. It's also ridiculous that people in Austin Texas actually voted to have their garbage dump named Fred Durst. 
I think that's hilarious, and was surprised to learn that JFK voted against the civil rights act.
That's pretty surprising since his brother, Bobby Kennedy, was very pro-civil rights. 
They were so different on many things. Not surprising, Alabama seems to do Alabama things, and keep the ban on interracial marriages, even though its uneforceable.
Yes, it's also surprising to discover that 34% of black men don't have the right to vote in Alabama. That seems odd. 
Is that due to felons not having the right to vote? 
I'm not sure of the reason. It would seem unlikely that 34% of black men in Alabama are felons, though. In the UK, all men didn't have the right to vote until 1918. 
I never knew Steven Colber went to congress to defend agriculture visas for immigrants.
I had no idea he did that, either. Good for him. I think it is strange that Elmo testified before Congress. 
Ashton Kutcher testified before congress a few years ago. He is very involved in stopping sex trafficking. 
That's interesting. I wonder how he became involved in that cause. I figured he would be more involved in causes surrounding pediatric heart disease. 
I'm not sure, I think it was a random thing that he found when he was on the night shift when his daughter was a baby.
That's interesting. Sex trafficking is a big problem around the world. It's something hardly anyone ever discusses, though. 
It needs more attention, since most of these "runaway" girls are probably in the hands of sex traffickers.
When I was a kid, I loved to read novels about runaway girls. I'm not sure what my fascination was with it. One of my favorite books in junior high was, "Go Ask Alice."
I've never read them. Did you see that facebook was doing psych experiments during the 2010 congressional elections.
Nothing surprises me with Facebook's activities. I feel like it is all a big mind game...trying to "figure" people out. 
One would think they would know as much about people by now, as there are many ways to cook an egg, thats what the folds in a chef's hat represent.
That's funny. I didn't know that. I have a family member who is a sous chef. I will have to impress him with my newfound knowledge. 
I impressed mine when I told her that the fur hats Russians were are called ushanka. She didn't know that, and grew up in Ukraine.
Thanks for chatting with me this evening. 
Hey there!  Do you follow politics closely?  I have to for work, but I get sick of it!  It is important to vote though.  Astronauts even cast votes from space!
I follow a bit. Did you know that US Congress has played a Republicans vs. Democrats baseball game annually since 1909?
Yes, I did the practice for that last year was where the shooting of the congressman occurred.  Sad story, glad he survived.
Yes, I agree. Can you imagine that Elmo is the only non-human to testify before the US Congress?
I find that hysterical!  It is also hilarious that in Austin, TX voters changed their garbage dump to be named after Fred Durst!
That is crazy! Did you know that Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter?
Every vote counts!  That is why it is sad to here that in Alabama 34% of the black male population can no longer vote.
That is a shame. I've heard that not all men in the UK had the right to vote until 1918!
Crazy stuff!  I recently learned there was a fantasy league for congress where players draft congressmen and get points for legislative successes.  I cannot even imagine!!!
That would actually be pretty fun. There are even three subway lines exclusively for Congressmen to move between the Capitol and House and Senate Offices.
Very convenient.  I cannot imagine the hats they donned in Congress back in the late 1700s and early 1800s.  I bet they were outlandish!  
I agree. Until 1998, British politicians had to wear a top hat if making a point of order in the House of Commons. I wonder if a hat maker made that rule?
Haha, keep the profits up!  Speaking of hats I think it is funny the most popular hat in the old west was the bowler hat.  Everyone just assumes it is the cowboy hat, myself included!
Yes, that is exactly what I would have thought too. I know in the past hats were an indicator of social status.
I play and watch a lot of golf where tipping the cap is very popular.  Did you know that tradition dates back to knights?
No, I did not, why did they do that?
They would raise their face visors to show friendliness.
Oh, that makes sense. Did you know there was a law made in 1908 about the length of hat pins?
I have heard that before.  They though they could be used as weapons right?
Yes, that is the exact reason. Fears that suffragettes would do just that.
Interesting!  Well, it was fun chatting with you today.  I learned a lot!
Fun chatting with you as well. 
do you know much about governors?
Yes some stuff. Do you know what Ralph Lawrence became famous for?
Yes he opposed the internment of japanese americans during WWII
Yeah. Did you know Texas was one of the first to elect a female governor?

Yes and that was before the 19th amendment was ratified in other states
Yeah. DO you know the song COme Together by beatles?
Yes it is a really nice song too. Do you know why it was written?
Yes for the governor Leary's campaign in california
Yeah. Did you know the governor of North Dakota declared martial law once?
Yes and then they seceded from the US
DO you know where Schwarzenegger lived when he was governor?
I know that he did not live in Sacramento as he should have

Yes and he travelled by plane every day to get to Sacramento

Yes and that took 3 hours everyday, what a waste
I agree. Did you know that republican presidents usually have a beard?
Yes, and since 1853 the president has either been a republican or a democrat

Yeah I guess we really do not hear of other parties
Do you know when both parties started using the red and blue colors?
Yes that was recent actually, since 2000s
Yeah I thought that was always the case with those colors
Yes me too. Strange. Nice chat!
hi, do you like superhero movies?
I do. I like superheros like batman and superman, but not all of their movies are great like the batman vs superman one
yeah that is true. did you hear about the batman villain called the condiment king
Just the name tells you they were running out of ideas. For me, joker forever
yeah it was weird because it defeated itself by slippin on its own ketchup
I like batman's origin story and I think the Dark knight did a good job, though he sounded like he was gargling marbles
yeah that is true. adam west has a batman logo on his molar
Wow, I never knew he was such a fan. Then again, he is the superhero most relatable to us feeble humans in a world of superheroes
exactly, good point. do you know where gotham city is located?
I think that it is in new jersey right?
yes it is. joker and batman do not call the name of each other in confrontations
I wonder if that was planned or a coincidence
I have a feeling it is staged. maybe there is a message behind that
Perhaps. Contrary to batman, how do you feel about superman?
I like the movie actually. do you know how much dc paid to get the right 
Do you mean the right to the character superman?
yes, the right?
I think they only paid like a hundred bucks. A real shame for the creators. It is interesting how initially superman was a villain though
Yeah something like that and look how much they have made off of that
I wonder how much the exclusive rights for superman would go for today?
Millions I bet. nice chat
Do you like Ben Afflecks back tattoo?  Many people are mocking it.
No I do not. Ben is a bit weird for me.
Sounds like he was getting treatment for alcohol addiction.  Hopefully, he recovers.
Yeah, addiction is never good and I am concerned for his well being too
I'm surprised his ex drove him to rehab
She is very compassionate person. I've like her for a while. She is a genuine actress too
Too bad the paparazzi gets involved in these serious matters.
They truly lack compassion for celebrities
Do you remember his relationship with Gwyneth Paltrow after she got the Oscar for Shakespeare in Love?
I do. I wonder if he was jealous of her winning the Oscar for the award and he got nothing
Bennifer was a strange way people described his relationship with Jennifer Lopez.
LOL...true. Such a weird, odd couple.
I wonder how that affected his career when their relationship ended?
I didn't think it lasted long. His new girlfriend from SNL seems to be a good match for him
He did have 3 kids though with Garner.
Yeah, that is why I was sad to see them divorce
They have tried to co-parent and have discussed that openly with others.  They remain friendly it seems too.  I wonder if they will get back together ever.
Ben was the worst of the Batman actors many believe
I always liked Adam West.  I never saw his batman log on his molars though lol
He was truly the best as well as Michael Keaton
I enjoy the classic actors, especially Carol Burnett was hilarious. She was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street.  Superman was a classic too I enjoyed, but I didn't know that the writers came up with the word "Brainiac."  That's funny.
I have yet to see the Black Panther film, but the facts listed were interesting. I did not know the history behind the film and didn't know it was based on a 4th century script.
Fascinating! I don't follow movies. I thought it was about the Black Panthers.
Haha! Have you watched Disney movies? My favorite is Sleeping Beauty and I was disappointed to learn it failed at the box office
Yes, I watched a lot when I was a kid. I prefer the ones with animals. I was interested to learn that The Lion King was the first to be dubbed into Zulu for its African release. I wonder how it was received there.
Lion King is another one of my favorites. It is always interesting to see how different cultures respond when movies or fashion use their culture for influences. 
Yes, it is interesting. Did you know that there were a lot of identical scenes in 70s Disney movies because they recycled their animation frames?
Some people have noticed the references and posted about it online. I cannot believe the film wreck-it-ralph which has been out for a few years started in the late 1980's
Yes! It's amazing. I haven't seen it yet.
I had to do an animation project in a class in college and it took forever but you would think technology would make it a lot faster, as Disney has a large studio. I have yet to see the movie
Me too. I wonder what the animation process is like today.
It seems like Disney makes/ owns all the series or new movies today
Yes, they are one of the "Big Six".
Do you know the other five of the Big Six?
I don't. I just know that Disney has a number of subsidiaries, including Pixar, and they work closely with the toy industry during the production process.
Same, which were stated in the article. The toy industry and companies do a good job of not leaking out the new characters or movies. 
Yes. It's amazing considering how many people must be involved.
Sadly, I must admit Frozen is another favorite Disney movie and was pleased to learn it was directed by a woman.
Yes. I've heard it's good. I've mostly just heard about it from kids so far.
Probably the famous Let it go song too haha! It was nice talking to you
You too!
.
hi, did you watch the black panther?
I did! What do you think about it being shown in Saudi Arabia 
well, it ended a 35 year movie ban so that is a great thing
I agree, It is crazy to think until a few years ago woman could not even drive there.
yeah that is pretty sexist. did you know black panther is the richest superhero?
I did not know that, I bet it would help if he put some money back into the movie industry in America.
yeah probably. do you know who is the highest box office ranking actor?
I do not know. Who is it?
tom hanks, he is great
I agree, so many great films over the years
disney once wanted to shut down the studio after sleeping beauty flopped
I am glad they didn't , Do you remember John Carter?
hmmm who is that?
It was a flop movie in the states from Disney but in Russia of all places, it broke box office records.
wowww interesting. have you seen the lion king?
I have it is a classic!
yes it is. it was the first disney movie to be dubbed in zulu
That is interesting, Disney is a trendsetter. Did you know they use multiplane camera to make older films like Bambi more realistic?
wow did not know that. have you seen frozen?
I have not seen frozen yet.
it is a good one. nice chat
Hello,  did you watch Black Panther?
I haven't seen it. He is the richest superhero with an estimated worth of $500 billion.
Yeah that is crazy,  I guess that makes sense though,  he owns a country lol 
True! He beat out Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne!  
Yeah that is quite an inheritance!
Did you know that the symbols and written script in black panther are based on an actual script calleed nsibdi.
That is very interesting,  I did not know that.  Amazing!  
I am amazed that Tom Hanks is the highest all-time box office star. He has earned over $8.5 billion worldwide in film earnings. Amazing.
I am not.  He has done so much over the years.  Almost all his movies are a hit,  I actually can't even think of one bad movie he has done lol Did you know that he doesn't take any bad guy roles?
I could see that. He is so likable!  Did you ever see the movie treasure planet by disney. It was the worst ever. It was also one of the most expensive flop of all time.
Wow,  never saw it.  Can't believe there are Disney movies that didn't make money lol 
I know! Frozen was the first disney film directed by a woman. I would have figured it would have happened before that!
That is weird.  A lot of the Disney movies have women leads too lol That movie was really good,  Frozen
I liked it too. Especially surprising because Walt Disney Pictures is regarded as one of Hollywood's big six film studios.
I believe it,  children make parents spend lots of money!  lol 
Exactly, case in point, the toy industry gets involved in disney animations even before the beginning of film production. Lots of money to be made!
Yeah,  seriously,  before a movie comes out my kids are asking for toy characters I never even heard of! 
Mine too! they sure can make a ton of different toys with all the characters that are in these movies.
Yeah,  I admit  I like a lot of Disney stuff too,  not the toys but some collectables.  Disney is smart that way though,  aim for the kids first lol 
Yes...and the adults will follow. They once considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty failed. Can you imagine if they did?
No I can't imagine that one movie flop will bring that whole company,  even at the time of sleeping beauty lol its been really good chatting! 
DId you watch the movie Black Panther?
Yes it was a decent film. I generally enjoy the quality of recent Marvel superhero films and it had a high quality cast as well. Did you know black panther, the superhero, is estimated to be worth $500 billion?
Wow, I thought Tony Stark was the richest of them all, that is interesting, well he is like the President of Wakanda.
Regardless, it is impressive enough that superheros such as stark, wayne, and black panther is worth billions!
Yeah, I thought Wayne was the richest of them all and turns out he has an $80 billion worth, black panther was called black leopard at some point
Well if you are that rich, you can spend without thinking about expenses so after a point, they are just amazingly rich period. Furthermore, Black Panther is also unique in that it will end the 35year ban Saudi Arabia previously enacted.
Yeah, I heard they had a strict ban due to religious reasons, women couldn't drive until after 2017. 
This change could reflect the changing socioeconomic climate in Saudi Arabia as the Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salam wants to brand himself as a social modernizer while consolidating power.
Im just glad I live in America, so many issues in other countries, one thing is certain, that Disney and Marvel are the big winners here.
Indeed, American movie studios like Disney and Marvel require foreign markets for growth and this recent change benefits them substantially.
They sure are kicking DCs behind, the international box for that movie was around 29.5 billion dollars
DC did well on wonder woman and the dark knight, but recent movies like batman vs superman or green lantern weren't the best.
I loved the Batman trilogy and I agree with you, DC hasn't made good movies lately, I wonder how much their box office was.
Too bad the box office doesn't necessary represent how good the movie is. For instance, Disney's well known sleeping beauty was considered a box office failure.
I didnt know that!  its one of the most popular movies now, Tom Hanks is the highest box office star of all time.
I recently read he made over $8.5 billion in film earnings. He is a good actor.
I think he is a good actor as well, do you like Walt Disney Pictures?
I feel that Walt Disney does a good job of refining old fairy tales to be more kid friendly. They have also produced many popular films like lion king or frozen.
I agree, did you know that Frozen is the fist animated film with a woman as a director.
I also only recently read about that. Disney does a good job of producing high quality products and generating revenue through various different revenue streams such as with the toy industry.
I know! it seems unreal how the toy industry is behind the productions
Are you a comic fan.  I love Batman.  He is a DC superhero.
Yes, I agree. So I guess you watched "Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice", right? Did you like it?
Not really, I was disappointed in it.  Did you know that Batman had a advisory called Condiment King.  He was defeated by slipping on his own ketchup.
No, I didn't know. I also didn't know there is a silver coin with superman on the heads side. This is legal tender in Canada.
Cool, I need one of those.  Adam West, who played Batman has the batman
Do I understand correctly that the first time superman as superhero was published in a comic book in 1938?
Yes, it was.  I was saying he has a Batman logo on a  molar.  Also Gotham City is supposed to be located in New Jersey.
True. I didn't know that there was a version of superman created where superman was raised in USSR. I'm wondering what was an idea behind that. 
I read that comic.   In the most recent DC animated film "Batman vs Robin" Weird Al did some voiceover work.
Really? It sounds like a lot of fun.
Yes, and pays great I'm sure. Changing topics, Pixar studio has a secret room that celebrities visit.
Well, I didn't know, but I'm not surprised. It's easy to imagine. 
Also, I cant believe that Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode.  
I won't pay so much. In my opinion, it's very very average work and nothing special there. 
what???  That amount makes her the second highest paid celebrity.  Lebron James is first.
Yes, I know about LeBron James. Btw, did you know that Jenna Marble makes over $300k annually on YouTube channel? I'm wondering how much people make on YouTube in general.  
I am not sure.  I did know that the first celebrity to appear on Sesame street was Carol Burnett.
Yes, I remember I watched it with my nephew. Sesame is good.
Yes.  I will leave you with this.  Going back to Superman, the actor Henry Cavill, who currently plays Superman, almost missed the call for the role because he was playing " World Of Warcraft".
Ok. Thanks. Have a good day! 
thanks
hello, let's have conversation about Snake Eyes
I would love too.
Did you know that Dawn Moreno is the new Snake Eyes in IDW's "G.I. Joe?
No, I had not realized that.
yes and also Larry Hama has been writing "G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero" comics since the series' days at Marvel Comics, which is interesting to learn
Snake Eyes is one of the more popular characters among fans.
yes exactly, both in the comics and in various animated series and even the "G.I. Joe" live-action movies, do you agree?
I am glad more females are playing characters. Are you watching the movie now?
yes I like to watch,"The best we can do is give something a good shot and throw it out there, and see if it flies," Hama said, what do you think?
The female characters have brought new life into many of the storylines. 
yes I totally agree with you, let's discuss Snakes
I never really liked snakes myself, I was too scared of them.
I am afraid of them too they are awful, but did you know Like all squamates, snakes are ectothermic, amniote vertebrates covered in overlapping scales?
They are the legless wonders of the world thats for sure.
did you know that Many species of snakes have skulls with several more joints than their lizard ancestors? 
I did not realize that. Do you own a snake?
no of course no lol, Areb you aware that there are no snakes in New Zealand?
No, I was not aware of that. What is causing the delay on your end?
yes I think, do you like comic books?
I really like Marvel and DC Comics for GI Joe.
it was nice to chat to you
Hi what do you think of snakes?
Hello, I am not a fan but know some stuff about them. There are none of them in NZ
That is pretty neat. Did you know crocodiles have more in common n with birds than snake?
Hmm interesting. There is a genius of them than kind of fly and launch onto the prey
Wow that just sounds scary. Our fear of snaked is hard wired in our brains and those of monkeys
I guess it makes sense since we see them as evil and dangerous
Yeah exactly. There are lizards without limbs but that are not snakes
Wow there is everything out there it seems. Do you like comic books at all?
I do sometimes. Do you know how Stan Lee finished his phone calls?
Haha the legend did so with excelsior, such a funny guy
Yeah I know. Did you hear how Marvel trademarked superhero and supervillain?
Oh yeah they published a generic comic book with those name. Genius if you ask me
Very much so. DO you know what DC stands for ?
Yeah it stands for Detective Comics so it is pretty redundant
Yeah that it is. Do you know which library ha the largest collecting of comic books?
I think it is the MSU library. I wish I could go and check it out
Me too. Did you know that SOny owns the rights to Spiderman?
Yeah they bought it from Marvel back in the day and they could have bought the others too but passed on that
Yeah they thought only spiderman was going to be popular and paid the $10 million for it
Yeah, still got that one. Have you heard of he superhero Access?
Yes I have, he is the guy that keeps the balance between DC and Marvel
Hello, do you like snakes? I am afraid of them, really afraid
I actually love snakes lol, I just think their narrow bodies are pretty cool and they scare everyone
I want to move to New Zealand, I heard theres no snakes over tehre
Not only in New Zealand but Ireland has no snakes too
Another great place to go then, I hear there are also flying snakes
I
Would that make you afraid?
They sound pretty scary, I've never heard of flying snake but it's pretty cool they can launch at prey
You know the fear of snakes is not only hardwired in our brains but also in the brains of monkeys
I heard not only the fear of snakes is hard wired but of spiders too
Spiders are scary too, enough about those scary creatures do you like comic books?
I like Marvel Comics, I'm surprised they are only the 3rd largest comic book publisher
The 3rd largest really? I know DC is on top but what other company is there
I guess the Japanese manga company Viz Media distributes more
It does? that is suprising havent heard of that one before, just like the superhero Blue Ear
Have you heard of Access, the only shared superhero between DC and Marvel?
No, what are her supper powers? or her purpose? 
Access only purpose is to keep the DC and Marvel universes apart
Oh I see, I bet she is really powerful still, do you like Marvel comics or DC comics better?
I prefer Marvel Comics and their earth 616 universe
I do too, besides their movies are way better 
Are you a big fan of Star Wars?
I am a fan of the originals. i heard Solo barly made 100 mil on memorial day weekend
Yep bombed big time! They said female characters were underused.
They say that but they dont see the trend of movies with female leads tanking.  The movie cost upward of $200 million to make and i dont see it
They say the new generation has moved toward movies like Black Panther and Get Out. 
Yeah they say Little boys would never identify with a female superheros. Maybe it is not the superhero but the poor actress/writings fault?
Perhaps. Ron Howard directed the movie but I guess great directors have flops too.
"A Quiet Place," John Krasinski's $17 million directorial debut, has become a global juggernaut,. I think it was ok but it was not original.
He's moving on up in the world. He was on the office, right?
Yeah he was Tim or Ted or whatever it was. In 2013, star wars was dubbed in navajo so it is nice they get to hear it in their language
True. I read somewhere that Black Panther was the richest superhero.. 
i guess but he is by far one of the worst. black panther was not named after the black panther party like most people believe
Whose your favorite superhero?
Sadly we will never get a real superhero movie because of how they sold charecters off. but the true story of Thanos not the one in the movie is one that will make you question if he is bad.
I'll have to read up on that. My favorite was Bruce Wayne aka Batman. The older movies of course. They say he's the 3rd richest superhero. 
 tony stark is worth $100 billion if i remember right.
That's Iron Man?
Yeah he is iron man. and the book you want to look for is called Thanos Quest.
Is that the name of the popular reddit account? Now this all makes a bit of sense. I
Im not sure about that. it was the story about him search for the stones. Marvel censored m'baku's utterance of "praise hanuman!" in indian releases of black panther. i guess they did not want to offend
We live in a different world now. 
hey there, did you ever watch Star Wars?
Hi! Yes, I've see all the Star Wars movies, I was a contributor to the $100 million opening box office revenue on opening weekend. Do you watch Star Wars?
Yes me too, it is really good. It is so popular it was even dubbed in Navajo.
It took them a long time, but I wonder why they chose to do that. Guess how much James Earl Jones made for his work on recording all of Darth Vadar's lines for the franchise
Was it a lot? 20th century fox even thought it was going to flop altogether.
He made $7500, but it only took him 2.5 hours to do all of the recordings! That's not a bad payday, especially if he also gets other revenues from licensing and merchandise and dvds!
Oh nice, they that is true all the money on the side. George Lucas made so much money because of it because he convinced the studio to keep the licensing and merchandising right to himself for a small fee.
Genius! It's crazy to think that he believed in himself so much when no one else did and look at how much it paid off! He's a billionaire now because of his creativity! But his wife was also a reason for the major changes in the original star wars film and she even won an academy award for editing the film!
You never know right? They made such a good team in that sense. Isaac apparently asked that his character be a native of planet yavin 4 because it was filmed in guatelama and he is from there.
They really do, if they divorce, it sure would be a costly one. Oh I didn't know that about Isaac. I actually really like Marvel films too, especially the Black Panther film, my children imitate the X "wakanda" sign at home all the time.
That movie has been such a huge one, really. It is the richest superhero too.
Oh really? I would've thought that Tony Stark from Iron Man was the richest character.
He much but rich but not that rich. did you know that scripts and symbols in the movie date back to 4th century?
Wow, I didn't know that. I wonder how they came up with all those interesting names of the characters. Marvel had to censor m'baku's chant in India because they feared that a character or villain praising a Hindu God would lead to backlash
How about disney, do you know the real name of minnie mouse?
No, What is the real name of Minnie mouse? I love Disney, especially Pixar movies. Do you?
Her name is minerva mouse. I wonder who came up with that name. Yeah me too.
That's an odd name, I wonder if any parents named their children after the characters. I had no idea that Disney hides mickey mouses in their disney things and there even a whole subculture dedicated to that. Kind of like the Stan Lee signature at Disney theem parks.
Yeah that is really strange. Did you watch wall-e?
I did see that movie and Disney really has established itself as the leader in the animation industry and its also present in their film production, television, and theme parks!
very true. it was names as such as a tip fp the hat to walter elias disney.
Oh ok, I didn't know that AT&T owned Walt Disney Studios because they own NBC and Warner Media. Is that true?
I did not know that either, that is pretty cool. It was nice chatting with you.
Hello.
Hello.
So, did you see Solo?
Yes.  I believe there was much missed opportunity in the film.
Same here. I didn't like how they changed the character of Han Solo. It didn't line up with how he was in the original trilogy. 
Agreed.  The actor lacked too many of the inherent qualities Harrison Ford brought to the role.
I thought so, too. I knew it would be different because it wasn't Harrison Ford. Nothing against the actor in Solo. I thought parts of the storyline were OK, but it seemed really formulaic at times. 
The studio really needed to reevaluate and reinvent more for this film.  
I agree. It seems they just thought "Well, it's Star Wars, just throw in whatever has worked in the past and people will pay to see it."
Yes.  It seems like the most successful movies now are the innovative, new ones. 
Exactly. Did you see "A Quiet Place"? I really liked that one. 
I am going to see it this week, actually.  Looking forward to contrasting it with other suspense films.
I think you'll like it. It's very different than most other films. I won't spoil the story for you, but, most of the dialogue in the film is done with American Sign Language (with screen captions). 
Great.  I do think that audiences really appreciate unique films presented by innovators more than "widget" based blockbusters.
I think they do. I remember the first "Paranormal Activity" film. Say what you will about the mediocre sequels, but the first was very inventive. Even if "found footage" films had been done before. 
Yes,  I think there is plenty of room in the marketplace for more originals and less sequels.
True. However, with Disney about to own Fox, I'm skeptical that will happen.
That is true.  Although they do manage to produce a lot of innovative ideas.  They just overcycle them too often.
I didn't see Black Panther. Was it any good?
I have yet to see it, but the reviews seem promising.  I have it on my list.  The socio-political overtones seem to be played up by many reviews.
Well, I have to get going. But, it's been nice talking to you. 
It has been very nice.  Enjoy your day.
Goodbye
Hi, how are you?
Good. Did you see the New Star Wars sequel, Solo? I heard it tanked at the box office.
I watched a little of it on netflix but not the whole thing yet. I usually save movies for the gym when I am on the treadmill. Have you seen it?
No. I have it on my list of movies to watch, right after the other Star Wars movie released just before Solo, The Last Jedi.
I saw that they just released that on Netflix. I may not finish solo and just go to the last jedi. I think that got better reviews...
With a measely $100 mil on opening weekend, Solo fell under harsh criticism. I think it was destined to suffer some because Harrison Ford, the original Hans Solo, was so beloved.
$100M is struggling to squeak by? Imagine if it was good? I think Disney did too many too quick and saturated the market when it wasn't needed.
Agreed. Give me $100 million for one weekend, and I would be happy with a flop too. Of course, Solo came out so close to Avengers: Infinity Wars and Deadpool2 that it may still do well over the long haul.
Yeah. I wonder what it cost to make that movie? Do you think it was worth their time and resources?
I heard it cost about $200 million to make and another$140 mil to promote. They could have done better if they just bought everyone free tickets.
I just read that star wars was the first major fild to be dubbed in a native american language. That's cool.
Nice. I remember when the Original Star Wars came out, everyone in my class talking about it and seeing it like10 times before it left town, and now the average classroom of students barely noticed this prequel was even out.
Yeah. I do feel like Episode 1 (the 4th one) was really anticipated. I also know that Jar Jar Binx killed the movie...
The Binx-inator, killing sequels... I wonder if George Lucas, the original director, had anything to do with that. 
I hope not, I think he has more sense than that but who know. He made a lot of money selling to disney though...
Like he needed more money. Did you know that he originally negotiated to forego his directing fee in order to retain merchandising and and licensing rights.  20th Century Fox choked big on that move. 
I didn't know that. Did you know minnie mouse is short for minerva mouse?
Met her at a party once. She had a serious addiction to helium as I recall. Got it from Mickey. Another actor with  a funny voice, R2D2. Lucas said R2D2 was the one who first told the sage story some hundrend years after it's occurrence.
HA! Nice. Did you know Wall-e was named after Aleter elias disney? I had no idea!
I noticed the family resemblance. Disney is a funny place. Did you know that the Disney Channel never advertising shows other than their own?
I did not! Nice chatting with you!
Have you read the article "How to spot gays checklist"?
I'm reading it now. Isn't that terrible?
I'm quite shocked and a bit disgusted! I would think that Malaysia is a conservative country! What do you think would happen if that were to be published in the US?
Terrible things I'm sure. Thank God we are no longer that backwards. 
Yeah, I think there might also be a lot of lawsuits and a social media outcry of that. It also reminds me of the actor who staged his own hate crime for fame, quite surprised, did you hear about that?
I did. It's unfortunate that he used being gay against himself. In Malaysia an 18 year old was beaten and burned because he was gay.
It's terrible for that actor to take advantage of people's empathy and the forwards environment we live in today! On a lighter subject, I enjoy Disney films, I think Frozen is my favorite and it was the first film directed by a woman. Have you seen it?
I've seen parts of it. I heard the Disney movie Beauty and the beast was banned in Malaysia because of a gay scene. What scene could possibly be considered gay?
Wow and yet they allow the publication of a "how to" article? I'm not sure which scene would be considered gay and offensive. I didn't know Jackie Chan sang in that film, does that mean he was the beast?
I don't know! I didn't even know Jackie Chan could sing! 
George R.R. Martin wrote fourteen episodes of the Beauty and the Beast Series in the late 80s. I didn't even know there was a tv series, have you seen it?
No! I had no idea! Did you know that A mogul of bullet proof clothing shoots all his employees to test the garments? I would not want to work there!
What?! That's crazy! I think that definitely falls under workplace harassment! I wonder if the roles are vice versa, can the development team also test it on others?
No idea! That is so crazy! Did you also know that greeks made their clothes out of asbestos? Oh my gosh!
I don't think I see any benefit for making clothes out of asbestos, speaking of asbestos, I just paid a lot of money to get rid of asbestos in my old house! Oh boy am I glad we are much more forwards than other places!
Me too. I used to do HVAC and would not accept a job if there was asbestos to be removed. I just wasn't equipped. A man once wore 70 items of clothes to not pay a baggage charge at an airport.
Oh my goodness! That's really commendable for you to turn down jobs like that because health is more important! But I do worry that when they removed it, it seeped into the carpets since I had a local guy do it for a lot less. Lol, that's hilarious, I've tried layering up for the winter and can't move my limbs with just five layers!
I know! And most of your clothes actually fit, so it wasn't like he could pick bigger items to wear! Did you know people used to use old faithful to wash their clothes? And vacuum alot. It will help get it out of the carpets.
Yeah exactly! I think I would get a very great laugh if I saw that at the airport, wonder if there's any laws or fines that detail that. I'd have to try that and steam clean the carpets too! There's a store in Alabama that sells items found in unclaimed baggage at airports! Why would anyone not claim their baggages?!
Maybe distance would keep them from claiming it? It would be fun to shop there though! Have you ever been?
I'd imagine people carry important things or souvenirs and airlines would send the luggages to them if they lost it. I have never shopped there, but would be interested in seeing what's there, maybe I can find cheap electronics at a discount, I wonder how much they sell it for relative to market price.
Hi!  Did you see the new Beauty  and the Beast!
Not yet, but it is a favorite classic! I love the clothes they wear in it. I love that the beast wears clothes even though clothes are usually for humans.
Yeah.  I am excited to see it.   I remember loving the cartoon.  Alan Menken composed the music, he also did the little mermaid and many other disney films.
I heard Bill Condon directed the 2017 film that was co-produced by Disney.
Did you know Jackie Chan provided the speaking voice for the beast in the Chinese versions?
No, I did not! I have heard that the 2017 remake had an estimated budget of $255 million!
Wow, I heard that Celine Dion was reluctant to sing the theme, but it launched into stardom
I did not know she was in it. I don't care for her voice. No wonder the budget was so high. It is one of the most expensive films ever made.
That was probably for the cartoon version years ago.  Then Titanic.  I think she is more famous for that than anything.
No, it was for the remake. The film received generally favorable reviews, and many said it stayed true to the original.
That is good.  I mean it is classic disney. 
Yes, for sure. The film grossed over $1.2 billion worldwide, becoming the highest grossing live action musical film of 2017.
That is pretty incredible.  George RR Martin. wrote 14 episodes of the Beauty and the Beast series for Ron Pearlman and Linda Hamilton
Oh, I didn't know. I know back in the 70's  Walt Disney used to recycle a lot of their animation frames which resulted in identical scenes in some movies.
ive heard that, i guess ive recognized some things
I do love Disney. Did you know that the Disney movie Frozen was the first Disney animation directed by a woman?
I heard that.  That is shocking!  I loved that movie, there is going to be a sequel too!
I just heard! I wonder how long it has been in the making? I know Wreck it Ralph's animation spanned nearly three decades, starting in the late 1980's!
That really surprised me, that is a long time to work on a film, I wonder how long the toy industry had to wait to release what they started to make,
I am not sure, but I know the toy industry gets involved before film production even begins. Nice chatting!
you too have a great day!
Do you happen to enjoy tennis?
Hello, I love tennis. What about you?
I like tennis. Did you know that polo shirts were originally invented for tennis?
I had no idea, but I love wearing polo shirts. Do you wear them?
I did for a job but not in quite a while. Did you also know that a black man won the first US open title?
I did not know that. Looks like a black man hasn't won since then.
That is correct. Did you also know that in 1968 they used a helicopter to dry the court grass?
Wow I didn't know that. Very smart idea. The longest match in history went 11 hours.
How on earth could you play that long? I would be insanely exhausted and unable to move my arm the next day. 
I would be exhausted too. Do you like Serena Williams?
I do. She is an amazing player. 
She's very good. I saw she can speak French and Italian. 
I did not know that. I did know that she co-owns the Miami Dolphins. 
Sounds like she has a lot of money lol. She has won 23 grand slam tournaments.
Yes she does. She is very talented. This is off topic but do you like comedy?
I love comedy. Do you?
I love it as well. Are you familiar with Demetri Martin? He is a stand-up comedian. 
I'm not too familiar with him. Is he pretty funny?
He is. He is also very smart. He was accepted into Harvard law but left to pursue his comedy career. 
Wow very cool. I saw Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy.
He's funny. I remember him on Who's Line Is It Anyway. It was nice chatting with you. Have a good day. 
Hi! Have you ever wondered what our world would be like today if Hilary Clinton had won? better or worse? I know ts hard to say especially after the scandal. Atleast she has been consistent in politics, did you know she was President for young republicans in college?
No, I don't pay that much attention to Politics. I'm not surprised that she was a republican at one point. 
I try not to either, as of late it's been all over the place. Yes, infact Hilary has been campaigning for a while she even campaigned in the south, and while there she adopted a southern drawl. Shes full of surprises.
Well if we were in India we could go to the polls in a forest!
interesting! I guess even if we tried to get out in space we could still vote from there... no excuses!
Hilarious! Did you know people in Austin Tx named one of their dumps after Fred Durst? 
interesting, no I did not know. I Love fun facts! I guess its better than what Alabama is going through 34% of Black make population has permanently lost the right to vote. I thought that was illegal.
Interesting, is this current day? I cannot believe that. 
I haven't heard any updates. It'll be interesting to follow up. Im glad the UK has come a  long way since up to 1918 not all men could vote.
Yeah, seems sort of weird, but then again the monarchy is hard to follow. 
its true, Well not to mention that since the 1900, the taller candidate has won the presidential elections 75% of the time
Yeah, I've heard about that. I bet that goes into the Vegas Odds. 
You know, going back to Hilary Clinton, I think she was a great role model. //she always gets me when she talks about daughters and Fathers. She talks to young women and reminds them they can be anything they want to be, including the President of the United States.
Interesting. Apparently while campaigning in the south she would adopt a southern drawl. 
She had a facination that women who were the first born had a Father could easily pursuade his vote versus having a son first.
Interesting. Did you know Stephen Hawking used to lecture at the white house? 
No I didn't, I don't doubt it, He was amazing. 
Yeah, too bad he passed away a few years back. 
Its unfortunate, he was brilliant. Just like Hillary Clinton Speech, when she won the grammy for best spoken word album for the audio recording of her book "it takes a village"
Interesting. I didn't know she won a grammy. 
She is very accomplished, not only did she win a grammy, she is a Politician, diplomat, lawyer, writer and public speaker, shes impressive. How did she maintain a Family, that's what I want to know, I can barely get up in the mornings.
I'm not sure. But it was nice chatting with you! 
Nice chatting with you too! good night!
Do you like the sun?  I can't get enough of it.  haha
The sun is a good thing to have.  It seems in short supply. Unlike authors who display their family problems.
I agree lol.  The suns diameter is 109 times the size of Earth!
The sun is big then.  With a mass of 330,000 times the earth, I bet the sun weighs a good percentage of the solar system.
It accounts for 99.86 of the total mass of the solar system!  lolol
If anyone would write a book about the sun, it would not be Kathryn Harrison.  Her stories are all about the crazy family she grew up in.  Not science at all.
I am not familiar with her. What are some of her stories?
An older book by here is "The Kiss".  Apparently she had a in appropriate relation with her father.  Apparently the diameter of the sun is 1.39 million km.  I would hate to drive around the sun, it would take forever.
I will have to look her up.  Did you know that the sun is really white?
Yes, white.  We see the sun as yellow or red because of the atmosphere of earth.
Interesting.  A lightening bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun.  5 times hotter!
I wonder who they got to hold the thermometer. I am willing to bet the surface of the sun is one temperature and its a bit warmer a few thousand km inside.
Hahaha It also produces enough energy in 1 second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years.  No idea how they could possibly know that.
The needs of the people on the planet, or the needs of the planet.  Seems to me a planet dose not need to be plugged in.  
Yes!  lol  The sun even though seems big to us is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy.
An I thought the sun had a weight problem accounting 99.86% of the solar system.  I guess there is more out there than just us.
Do you have a choice between fiction or non-fiction?  I tend to lean towards being interested in things that are non-fiction.
Yes, non-fiction for me.  Think about Neptune, it is so far away it took 165 years to travel around the sun once.  Thats good non fiction there.
I wonder what the atmosphere would be like because of that?  The biggest selling non-fiction book of all time is the Bible!
Cold.  I bet Neptune is cold.  Winter is coming after all.  Takes 165 years for a seasonal cycle.  George RR Martin needs to get to the point. 
lol Yes he does!  It was fun chatting with you!  Have a good rest of the day!
I had no idea that the sun was really white, did you?
I had read that somewhere, it's only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering.
Sounds good. Do you know who Kathrine Harrison is? 
I have heard of her, did she write "The Kiss?"
Yes she wrote the kiss as well as several other novels. This i hear appears to be her more controversial one. 
That's cool, any idea what this one is about?
This one is about an affair she had in her early 20's. Have you heard of any other's of her works? 
I have not. I just read "The Kiss" by happenstance, I like reading fiction books mostly. Did you know there's a wiki which ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities?
I did not know that. I did not know she wrote Joan of Arc. I've seen the movie and it was really good.
I didn't know she wrote that. I haven't seen the movie yet, I've heard it was good.
Very! Did you know that lighting bolts are 5x hotter than the sun? 
That's hot! I've heard that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy.
Man when you think how small we are in the universe. The sun even produces enough energy in one second to take care of the planet for 500,000 years.
It is astonishing. Did you know that on July 11, 2011, Neptune completed it's first full orbit around the Sun since its discovery in 1846?
Wow that's a long time. So is the sun in the center of our galaxy or solar system?
It's the center of the Solar System I believe. 
Oh ok i always get those mixed up, lol! Have you read any of Edger Allen Poe's work?
I have, I really like Poe. Did you know that he wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction?
Wow that sounds like something way before his time. Have you read that one?
I believe it was "The Man That Was Used Up" if I'm not mistaken.
Wow. Did you know that Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction? 
I had heard that he did in his youth. 
His fiction was about Hercules and Oedipus.
That's pretty neat. Well I have to get going. I hope you have a great day!
You too thanks! 
Goodbye!
hello my friend do you like watching sunrises?
I do! do you?
yes I do, crazy that the sun is actually white when viewed in space!
Are you a Kathryn Harrison fan?
cant say I am, who is she?
She produced 7 transportive novels and 8 books of nonfiction.
do you like FIction? I guess Edgar allen poe wrote fiction about a cyborg once
I did not! very interesting.
ya, fiction is apparently created from your imagination and is not based on history or fact, so its crazy he came up with the idea of a cyborg
Did you know helium is the only element to be discovered on the sun before it was discovered on earth?
no that is wild, I also didn't know tht a bolt of lightning is five times hotter than the sun!
Thats hot! The sunset on mars is blue! I want to see that.
I do too! also, the sun makes enough energy in 1 second to power us for 500,000 years, we need to harness that!
Seriously, that is amazing. The sun makes up 99.86 percent of our solar systems mass.
yup and it is only about a billionth the size of the biggest star yet discovered! So pretty small compared to that
Very fascinating its mass is 330000 times Earths mass
its crazy to that its diameter is 109x wider than the earth as well
Absolutely amazing. The earth is so small in comparison.
ya, did you know that Caesar wrote fan fiction of oedipus and hercules, thats funny to me
I did not. That is funny.
do you ever watch game of thrones at al? Written by george RR Martin?
I could never get into it although I watched the first 3 episodes like 5 times each.
ya well that guy apparently thinks fan fiction is dumb and should be illegal, I think Caesar would beg to differ ahha
Did you know a 'drabble' is a work of fiction exactly 100 words long?
haha nope never knew that, also didn't know GWB read 14 biographies of lincoln
Fascinating! it was nice chatting with you by the way.
thanks have a great day and keep reading non-fiction!
Haha will do!
GWB also read 186 historical non fiction books
Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
Good morning! Did you know there's a state with a "none of these candidates" option on their ballots?
lol ! ;) so why would anybody leave house if there is no vote given ;)
Maybe they would vote on some of the items on the ballot but not others, or tell their friends they were voting for one candidate but actually vote for none.
lol ;) shady bastards :)  I actually don't care what my friends think of me, I always say who I'm voting for ;)
That's very honest of you. Did you know that voter turnout for presidential elections hasn't risen above 62.8% in the last 100 years?
I guess people don't believe they can make a change... and probably for the past 100 years no bog change was made :)
That and it's harder for some people to vote because of transportation, work schedules, child care and other responsibilities.
That's right.... hey - why can't they make it online ? I'm sure frequency would improved...
Yes, but it would be harder to avoid voter fraud.
I don't know... I mean those voted are going into the computer anyway... but first people are counting it... so there are two margins or error/fraud :)
Did you know that in 2012, international election observers were blocked from the polls in nine states?
blocked ? Do You know why ?
No. I'm not sure. Did you know that 34% of black men in Alabama have permanently lost the right to vote?
what, like in today's times ? What did they do to deserve that ?
Probably felony convictions, which is unsettling when you think about how some groups of people are more often charged with crimes whereas others get away with the same things.
You're probably right, but I would need to see the same numbers for white people as well :)
Yes, it would be interesting to see the full stats on that.
Did You know that astronauts can vote from space ? :)
Yes! I wonder if they do so by absentee ballot or by some other means.
They put it in an envelope and drop it on Earth ;) lol
That sounds like fun. It's been good talking. Have a great day!
Did you know that citizens of Austin, Texas voted to rename their garbage dump after Fred Durst? That's funny to me!
That is quite an interesting fact you have there. Is there a reason why they are naming it after Fred Durst?
I dunno, I guess the population isn't much of Limp Bizkit fans.
Did you know that Hillary Clinton hates Limp Bizkit as well? 
She probably beat them when she won the grammy for her audiobook "It Takes a Village."
The book is quite interesting, given that she rejected Bill's marriage proposals for two years before finally agreeing to marry him. 
I'm surprised he didn't give up. He had high aspirations dating the president of Young Republicans when she was in college.
Yah. She use to be a Republican. Quite the turn of events there to be the Democratic Party's nominee for the 2016 election.
Yeah it is. She was a role model for many women. Father's were able to show their daughters that they could be anything they wanted to be.
I totally agreethat if the father's first child is a daughter, it can sway the father's vote towards female.  We're in the day and age of role models.
I agree we are. Everyone needs someone to look up to. 
It's not just limited to politics, it applies to other fields such as science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Fields which are currently dominated by males.
It's good to see diversity in different fields. I definitely see it as a good thing.
Yes it is. However, you have the other side of the coin with all these #MeToo movements...
Yeah that has taken a toll, especially on Hollywood. Some of it is justified though. 
What do you mean justified?
Men deserve to be called out for their injustices against women.
At the moment/instant it happens or can it be up to the lifespan of the person? What's the limitation?
I feel that some women are embarrassed by the situation. It takes a lot of courage to come out, but I think allegations should be made sooner rather than later. That adds more to the justification.
Fear sounds like an excuse, but do understand that point. If you don't have any support, it's going to be difficult to come out, same with being part of LGBTQ.
Support is key. It was nice chatting with you!
Hi there, do you think elections are important?
I think elections are very important. They have represented democracy since the 17th century.
Officials in Athens thought that elections would lead to oligarchies so they used lotteries instead.
That is very interesting. The study of results and other statistics related to elections is called psephology.
Interesting! So since 1900, the taller candidate has won the us presidential election. I hope that's just a coincidence!
Yes that is an interesting stat. Trump was taller than Hillary I believe. 75% is a big majority.
Do you think having a none of these candidates voting option is useful?
I think it would be nice to have. I'm kind of surprised Nevada is the only state to have it.
Yeah me too. So astronauts vote from space, but for those of us on earth it seems the voter turnout is low. The turnout for presidential elections hasn't reached 62.8% in the last 100 years.
I wish it was higher. During the 2012 US elections international electoral observers were blocked from the polls and nine states. Is that even legal?
Hmm, how weird. In India they made the effort to include people who couldn't easily vote. There was a polling booth in a forest full of lions for one single voter.
That sounds dangerous but very good for democracy. Surprisingly not all men in the UK had the right to vote until 1918.
In Alabama 34 percent of the black male population has lost their vote
That is terrible. Even citizens in Austin Texas voted to rename the garbage dump Fred Durst.
Yeah we use voting for some interesting things!
Definitely. It was a big surprise Clinton didn't get elected. She was president of the young republicans in college even though she identifies as a Democrat now.
Wow, interesting! Another interesting thing about Hillary is she adopts a southern draw when campaigning in southern states.
Very smart of her. Stephen Hawking once lectured at the White House on science with both Hillary and her husband.
I wonder what the lecture was about. I'll have to look that up.
Yeah it would be fascinating to hear you're such a smart guy. Clinton is actually Grammy winner too. Very talented. Thanks again for talking to me today hope you have a good one.
Great chatting with you. Have a good one!
Hi, how are you? What do you know of our friend the Sun?
Hi, I know the sun makes up 99.86% of the mass of our entire solar system.  But, I'd sure like to see him sometime today, it's been raining here at my house, all morning!
He can be a shy one at times. Give him some time. He'll come back, as radiant as ever.
Yeah, I hope to see that nearly perfect sphere of hot plasma.  How about you?
I do like the Sun. He has generally been consistent. He shows up regularly but doesn't really get in the way too much. Does his job.
Did you know the sun's equator rotates faster than its poles?
I guess it's not solid so the widest part moves pretty fast. That makes sense.
Interesting fact:  Helium was discovered on the sun before it was found on Earth!
Huh. I did not know that. I guess it's a tough element to detect. Maybe the sun is a fiery ball of mischief with all kinds of secrets.
Apparently so! Have you heard about the radio station where you can listen to the Sun's music?
I guess the Sun likes to sing, like many of us. I wonder if the Sun can carry a tune. Probably not. 
Well, it might sound pretty wild when the solar flares are active!
Yes, the flares really can rock hard, hard enough for the kids!
True that!  The Sun is by far the most important source of energy for us Earthlings or so I've read.
The Sun has been quite generous with his resources. In fact, the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500 000 years.
That's awesome!  I couldn't imagine life on Earth without its warming rays.
Well, most of us couldn't. We have become dependent, almost addicted. I hope that one day we will give credit to the great one in the sky. 
Amen to that!  On a side note, I've heard that the sunsets on Mars are blue.
I will never see a sunset on Mars. Don't have the money for it. Anyway, GREAT CHAT!
Great chatting, with you as well.  Enjoy the rest of your day, I'm going to continue to watch it rain and hope the Sun will show its face for a little while.  Lol
I'm sure that he has fond feelings for you too. Have a good day!
Take care, friend!
Did you ever read "The Kiss" by Kathyn Harrison?  It is about an affair she had with her long-estranged father while in her 20's
OMG no! Harrison is very controversial!
Yes, it is very shocking.  She had written about her childhood with her grandparents, but later this.
From this it sounds like the person likes the book.  a touching and at times jaw-dropping portrait of the maternal grandparents who raised her, is that she's only getting to this rich material now.
Her grandmother apparently is a fabulous character.  
Wow, I guess so. Her first novel was called Thicker then water.
Her grandfather apparently was raised by a widowed mother and she had to take in boarders.  Her grandfather was a surveyor and engineer in Alaska and then fought in WWI ending up a traveling salesman in California.  Her grandmother 
I was just reading that! Our financial collapse is schizophrenic. We are desperately poor, and I lack for nothing," How is that possible?
They had all kinds of items and lessons along with fancy things, but still saved up for a toaster with Blue Chip trading stamps.  I guess they balanced things out still making her appreciate what she got and work for it.
I guess so. The vocabulary was British - sweaters were jumpers, washcloths were flannels.
Interesting!  She had to go to bed at seven!  I wonder if she had any siblings?
That is a good question! Did you know this? The Sun is the star at the center of the Solar System.
That's cool! It can produce every energy in one second to meet the needs of the planet for 500,000 years!  Ouch!
we need to harness that! I'll have to look this up! There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music
I wonder if the music is as good as Elvis!  Did you know that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy!  I wonder how much power that star has!
and The sun makes up 99.86% of the mass of our solar system!
Looks like it rules!  Do you like to read?  George W. Bush seems to as he read 14 biographies of lincoln during his presidency and 186 historical non-fiction books.  I wonder how he found time.
Wow, I'm actually impressed! This is bad though..The world's longest piece of fiction is a 4 million word super smash bros brawl fan fiction.
The best selling "non-fiction" book according to Guinness is the Bible.  So many people have bought it, wonder how many have read it?
Mu hasband and I were talking about that last nite. Scary, huh? Term "robotics" was accidentally coined by science fiction author isaac asimov in 1941.
Wow, interesting.  Books often inspire the future or cartoons.  For instance, I remember watching the Jetsons with "Face Time" with George's boss! Haha!  Do you like fiction?  Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Hercules and Oedipus in his youth.  Nice chatting!
How are you? Do you like stars wars. The Franchise began in 1977
Hello,  how are you?  I love stars wars,  although theres quite a bit of facts I didn't know that I just read recently! While filming "star wars: the force awakens", actor oscar isaac specifically requested that his character poe dameron be a native of the planet yavin 4. this is because the scenes on yavin 4 in the original trilogy were filmed in guatemala, where isaac is actually from. 
Wow, I didn't know that Star Wars was filmed in Guatemala 
Me either,  that must have been hot!!  lol Marcia lucas, george lucas' then wife, was the reason for major changes to the original star wars film. obi wan's death, leia's good luck kiss and re-editing the trench run to increase tension were all her ideas. she won the academy award for editing the film while george did not for directing.
She did a great job; without her the franchise would never of made 8.5 billion dollars.
k for I know right!  Huge success!  James earl jones spent only 2.5 hours recording all of darth vadar's lines for star wars and was paid $7,500.  I wouldn't mind earning  hours!  Thats amazing!  
I'm sure that 7,500 has a lot more zeros now after how popular the franchise has become
Yeah,  plus hes getting rolyalties. 
George lucas made out good being able to keep the licensing rights for himself
He knows what this was worth!  Especially,  since the books did so well. 
Not only that but he got to keep the merchandising rights for himself, making him billions
Wow! In 2013, star wars was dubbed in navajo, making it the first major film to be dubbed in a native american language
That's incredible, I guess a movie that makes 65 billion would be the perfect candidate for that
Do you know much about comics?  I learned some cool stuff. In 1998, marvel offered the cinematic rights of almost all of its characters to sony for a mere $25 million. sony rejected the offer, and only purchased the rights to spiderman for $10 million believing that movie audiences would only care about him.
Sony screwed up on only taking Spiderman lol
I know,  They missed out big time! Marvel successfully argued in court that mutants are not people and thus got to pay the lower rate on x-men "toys" instead of the higher rate for dolls because they are not human.
lol, Did you know disney does not own the rights to have marvel characters in their theme parks east of the Mississippi?
Oh wow!  I wonder why that is the border lol 
I think east of the Mississippi the rights belong to universal studios
But universal doesnt have any Marvel characters or rides.
I think they used to have a spiderman ride. Well I gtg, nice talking with you
Hello! Are you a star wars fan?
No. My son is a fan.  I'm interested in discussing and knowing more about it though.
I have not seen most of the movies but I have seen various parts. Did you know that the Last Jedi grossed 620.2 million dollars?!
I heard about it.  I think the force Awakens grossed better, adjusting for inflation.
Another fun fact is that James earl jones spent over 2.5 hours recording all of darth vader made 7500
That was amazing.  Is George Lucas still making movies.  He created the star wars.
I do not believe he is. 
He made over $8.5B (before adjusting for inflation) for his star war movies. I wonder why he stops making more movies since he is young enough, I think.
I can't imagine having all of that money. Are you interested in disney movies
I do. I watch disney movies with my granddaughters.  The Walt Disney Company, the owner of disney movies, is very successful.
My family loves disney too! Did you know that the lion king was the first disney film to be dubbed into zulu for its african release
I did not know that.  Thanks.  Apparently, Disney used a special camera to make their older films, like Bambi, to look more realistic.
Thats crazy technology for back in the day. 
I know, right.  Disney is always trying to keep up with technology.  That's why it is very successful.
I think its very interesting that the toy industry gets involved the beginning of the film production. 
Please tell me more about it.  I am only aware that they were involved after movies were produced successfully.
It is before the production actually. I am sure they want to be able to have products launched as the movies are being showed for the first time. 
It makes sense.  Apparently, it would take over 9.4 million party balloons to lift Carl's house in disney pixar movie entitled "Up".  I like Pixar movies.
Pixar has great movies. They are known in the Big Six film studios 
Does Disney own Pixar now?  I heard about Disney wanting to buy Pixar but I'm not sure.  Also, is the public allowed to tour Disney Studios in Burbank, California?
I know they work together but I am not sure if they own it. 
I see.  Do you know that Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel Comics so that he could play Spider Man in his own produced movie?
I would have loved to see that. Thriller probably would be featured. 
I love Thriller. Michael Jackson was not successful in his bidding but Walt Disney ended up acquiring Marvel Entertainment.  Anyway, I've got to run.  Nice chatting with you.
Hello do you like Star Wars?
I sure do. Do you know who Oscar Isaac played in it?
Yeah he playes Poe Dameron and requeste that he be from Yavin 4
Yeah because that was filmed in Guatemala which is where he is from
Yeah that was cool of him to request that, going all the way back to his roots
Yup agree there with you. Did you know Goeroge's wife won an academy award because she changed things in the script?
Yeah and she deserved t because she put scenes like Obi Wan's death and such in there
Yeah exactly, or Leia's good luck kiss. Those made the movie what it is
True. It was also the first major film to be dubbed in Navajo
That is awesome. 20th century originally thought it was going to flop. man they were wrong 
Yup and he was smart to buy the rights to it for $500 000 and make billions later
Exactly, smart business man and a great movie maker
Yup. Do you like Marvel?
I love Marvel. Did you know they offered the rights to the character to Sony and they only bought Spiderman?
they had a great chance there but thought only spiderman was going to be popular, their loss
Yeah exactly. Do you know the character Access?
Yes the guy that keeps DC and Marvel separate, pretty cool
Yeah it is. How about Blue Ear, the superhero?
Yes that won was created for a deaf little kid who complained to his mom that there are not superheroes with hearing aids
Yeah that was super sweet of them to accommodate a little kid and make him feel powerful
I know, they do stuff like that from time to time
Hello! Do you like Disney?
Hello, yes I do like Disney.  I heard recently that the movie, wreck it ralph, had been in development since the late 1980s!  
That is crazy. I am surprised that it has taken that long. It was a really good movie. 
I agree!  Maybe that is why it was so good though, because they took so much time with it.  They changed the title alone four times.
It is a unique title. My favorite is Lion King though. It was the first disney film to be dubbed into zulu for its african release. 
I love Lion King, the movie and the soundtrack!  Hey, did you know that back in the 70s Disney reused a lot of their animation frames which resulted in identical scenes in some movies?
I would like to see that. Another new one that I love is Frozen, which was the first animated disney film directed by a woman.
Frozen was very good I have to admit.  I thought I might be getting too old for Disney but I did like it!
I have never thought about the toy industry in regards to movies. 
I do sometimes. There's a lot of different toy related movies.  It seems like the toy industry gets involved before the movie is released.
It makes sense that they will have inventory before the movie shows. It would be bad for sales to wait until after the movie is released to start making toys. 
I agree. Toys are very important.  Marvel went to court about their xmen toys.
I heard about that. They argued that mutants are not people!
I don't see how they won in my opinion, they are people lol! But hey, it's cool!  Disney even owns a bit of marvel now speaking of disney.
And they still can't show their characters at the theme park
It's sad to have to adhere to contracts signed before you buy something.  Marvel signed a contract with Universal and that effects Disney.
It would have been cool to see the characters walking around the parks for entrainment and pictures. 
True.  Maybe someday they'll be able to get out of the contract.
I am sure with enough money they will be able too. 
Disney does have the money.  They are regarded as one of the big six film studios in hollywood.
I like that they still give back and try to help kids!
Hi, are you ready to chat?
I am. It was illegal for women to wear pants in France until 2013.
Was it? I think women wore pants. What happened? Did someone get arrested? What about all the American tourists? Did they pay fines?
Sounds weird to me but i read it. Also women were not allowed to wear pants on the Senate floor until 1993.
that makes sense. Why would we want women wearing pants on the Senate floor? Sets a dangerous precedent. Soon women would be wearing pants everywhere, and that would be chaos!
Speaking of pants apparently one of the hulk's superpowers is indestructible pants, haha!
The man had to buy special pants. They don't sell them on Amazon. He is a modest monster.
Imagine having a job where you have to test bulletproof cloths by getting shot in them.
that sounds like a great job! How much does it pay? When life gives you bullets, get a job testing clothing!
Apparently the Greeks made asbestos clothing and it was treated like it was as valuable as gold. 
The Greeks? Boy, they must have had lots of cancer and breathing problems. What would you do with clothing like that? I guess you can impress your friends.
Well when you compare it to the guy who wore 70 items of clothing in a Chinese airport to avoid bagging charges, not sure who wins.
I would wear a hundred items if need be! I don't care if people stare! I don't care if security makes me take them off!
I hear you. Apparently the color of baseball empires is of vital importance to the league. 
The color of baseball umpires? Their clothing? I always thought it was pink because that's the most festive color. 
Apparently Black is in. lol! Have you ever seen Frozen?
Isn't that some sort of kids movie? I haven't seen it, but I bet it was popular.
Kids went crazy!!! It was Disney's 53 animated film.
Disney is a hit machine! The kids are addicted! It's like crack for kids! 
Yeah a they have a lot of money. They just bought marvel not to long ago.
Marvel is now the Mouse. Well, I had fun chatting up a storm with ya!
You too, have a good one!
Keep it frozen, dude!
You too, Apparently Olaf got to go to space because of an 8 year old little girl.
Did you know that pilgrims used to wearing clothing that was full of color?
No, I thought they wore black all the time. This is another conspiracy from the black dye complex.  
LOL are you a fashion aficionado?
If I had money, yes, since I have none, I have a nice shirt that goes for job interviews and funerals. The rest is strictly functional. 
Me too.  I would dress to the 9's if I had the money.  There is a store in Alabama that sells clothes found in unclaimed baggage at airports.  That's more my style. I can get more bang for the buck shopping at Goodwill and the Salvation Army thrift stores.
You could have great clothe there, people who have enough money to fly have enough money to buy clothes. I never seen a flying hobo. 
That's funny! lol  Have you ever heard of the brand Rip Curl?  I guess they make their clothes in North Korea but the labels say made in China.  I never heard of the brand.
They makes short and surf styled clothing.  It is mostly for teens and young adults, or old people who want to look young. 
Ahhh...ok.  Not for me then...I'm 48 and on the downside. lol  Did you know that Apple had a clothing line back in 1986?
No, did you had to update your clothes every few months ? 
Hahaha That's awesome.  (in my best old lady voice....) Do you like to wear trousers? lol I do.  I don't go anywhere without them.
Trousers are the best, I don't know why the romans would consider them barbarian. 
I never knew that.  I guess that's why they are always shown wearing togas, etc. lol
Maybe because barbarian were wearing trousers at that time, not because they were snobbish of pants. 
LOL  I find it funny that Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer.  That is spot on hilarious!
Do if Aladdin was filmed in the 70s, he would wear disco pants and shirts with large collar ? I would want to see that. 
hahaha  Nice.  In Collinsville, IL they have a law that prohibits saggy pants. lol
Maybe that is for safety reasons, if it is a rural town, saggy pants could be dangerous around machinery. . 
That would make sense then.  Never thought of that.  We have an Amish community near me so I could see something bad happening.  There's a lot of the Amish who have had bad accidents in some of the lumber mills they have where they got caught in the machinery.
Yeah, safety is important, that why you don't see people in robe or toga in refinery. Even if they were fireproof.  
Ha!  I had a good time chatting with you today!
You too, and keep looking for discounts on clothes. 
I will!  lol  Have a good one!
Hi, how are you?
Good, thank you. Have you've seen Frozen? It has won two Academy Awards and is the all time best selling Blu Ray in the US
I've never seen the film, but maybe I should. I did read The Snow Queen by Andersen many years ago. 
Cool, I guess Jennifer Lee is the first female director of a Walt disney Animation, that's surprising considering it's almost a 100 years old
Women generally don't get into positions of power in Hollywood. She made a film that generated over $1 billion. 
It's funny, disney originally named Frozen "snow Queen" but changed it because they thought feminine titles underperform at the box office
That's a good point. Robert Lopez wrote Let It Go for Frozen, and has won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony.
That's interesting, he also guest wrote a south park episode, surprising he worked on an adult show like that
He is a talented composer! MC Hammer's pants also have a Disney, it seems.
Lol, i did think Aladdin's pants looked familiar when I saw it at the theater as a kid
According to the Romans, pants were barbaric. I wonder how the Romans rode horses.
Not comfortably I'd imagine if they didn't wear pants because they thought it too barbaric 
I wonder their take on saggy pants would be. Probably would have outlawed, like in Collinsville.
Maybe, I wonder what he would think of Pilgrim clothing which was apparently full of color
The Pilgrims were America's first hippies! Long hair and interesting clothes. They would never have sued a dry cleaner for $67 million though.
Suing a dry cleaner for $67 million for the loss of pants is ridiculous, I'm not surprised a D.C. judge did that 
The judge seems like a bully. I would expect a judge to be more even-handed with the law.
Yea, maybe he should try to do something about Rip Curl making clothes in North Korea but putting made in china on the label
I disagree with that. I don't think we shouldn't be doing any business with North Korea.
Yea but not as sneaky as selling unclaimed clothes from unclaimed baggage from airports like a store in alabama does
That must be a great way to make money! I wonder if they have to pay for the stuff before they sell it. 
I don't know, maybe they just go to airports and claim it themselves lol. Well I got to go, nice talking with you
Nice chatting!
Peace
hi how are you doing there? do you like to wear trousers? I quite enjoy them myself.
I do enjoy them. I usually call them pants though since I'm in the US. 
pants means underwear in the uk, i believe. i usually call them pants too. trousers sounds a bit refined.
It definately does sound posh but I think a lot of british words do. 
quite true. posh is a word that sounds quite posh. LOL. 
Lol it does. I love fashion in general. There are few things fancier than high fashion. 
i am not abig fashion person. i dont have the cash. it looks intringuing though. quite posh LOL
It is crazy how much people can determine from simply looking at your clothes. Like if your clothes gap in certain ways it shows you wear off the rack. 
i bet they can see that everything i wear is right off the rack LOL. i would love to own good clothes.
I wonder if apple's clothing line was any good. I never heard of it so it couldn't have been in business too long in the 80's
i bet it was cheesy. who would wear apple clothing back then. it was anti-chic. geek chic?
Who knows. Probably a lot of turtlenecks and jeans. Still better than most of the other clothes of the 80's though. 
yes, the Jobs look. LOL the 80s had a lot of big big hair. and high waisted jeans. not really a look for the heavy set.
Nope not at all. Then there was the oh so lovely MC hammer pants. That was not a good look for anyone. 
he was a dancer, so i understood. i thought he patterned his look off of aladdin, not the other way around.
Hmm I could see them making movie aladdin with pants after him. I wonder if pants like that make it easier to horseback ride. 
I figure that they are loose, so yeah. but dont let the romans catch you wearing though barbaric britches!
I wonder what they would say if they seen some of the saggy pants of today. 
they would outlaw those too as barbaric. Anyway, great chat!
A town in IL actually has a law about them. More towns should have that law. 
yeah, it is a silly look. nobody wants to see your drawers. Have a good night!
You as well. 
Hello, how are you? Do you like Jazz?
Hi, do you enjoy Jazz?
Yes, I do. I find it relaxing. 
Yes, so do I. Did you know that jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans in the late 19th and 20th centuries? Also, it was developed from roots in blues and ragtime.
Yes, I did. Its interesting that a goatee gives comfort to trumpeters when playing.
I thought that too. Did you know that there is a modal jazz developed in the late 1950s that used a mode or musical scale as the basis of its musical structure and improvisation? That sounds cool.
No I didn't, very cool. in the 1940's cool jazz developed that sounded calmer and smoother!
Yes, did you know that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is currently topping the charts?
That's surprising! I knew that Clint Eastwood directed and acted in movies, but I didn't know he was a lifelong jazz enthusiast pianist.
Me either, I didn't know that he scored several films including Million Dollar Baby.
Yes, Are you interested in birds? I love the hummingbirds. They steal spiderwebs to make and repair nests!
Now that is really interesting. I love hummingbirds, too. Did you know that most birds have bones so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers?
Yes, makes sense. I can see how the extinct dodo bird is a sub-family of the pigeon. 
Yes, and that some birds fly from Alaska to Northern Mexico without sleeping when migrating.
There are known groups of birds without wings that are extinct called moa and elephant birds!
Wow, didn't know that before. Human activity threatens about 1,200 bird species with extinction but efforts are now underway to protect them.
Yes, glad for that! I love to swim especially in the ocean. Do you? I didn't know the US has won as many gold metals in swimming as the rest of the world combined.
Yes, I love to boogie board in the ocean. What fun that is. Did you know that humans can hold their breath underwater and undertake rudimentary locomotive swimming within weeks of birth as a survival response?
No, I didn't know that! There is a bathing suit that was banned,in the 2008 Olympics the swimmers wore it and won 94% of the races. I wonder what it was made of?
Maybe shark skin, lol!  Also, there's a type of competitive swimming where the athlete has their hands and legs bound, and swims like a dolphin.
i saw that. That's scary! Haven't seen that, but would like to!  Good chat!!
Thank you, I enjoyed this one.
hi,  do you like birds?
Good morning, yes, I do like birds, I think they are fabulous creatures.
Awesome.  Did you know the dodo bird is actually a sub family of the pigeon?
No, I didn't know that.  But, what's amazing to me is how hollow and light bird's skeletons are.  So much so that their feathers weigh more than the entire skeleton.
Thats really weird!  I definitely wouldn't want my bones to be hollow!  That makes sense though,  they have to be light enough to fly.  
So true!  I was shocked to learn that there in Australia there are wild birds that can mimic the sound of chainsaws and car alarms.  How wild is that?
Thats hilarious!  I wouldn't mind seeing one of those!  Do you happen to know what they are called?  Some birds migrate without even sleeping the whole trip! 
I'm not sure of their name, but they put a bird that can say, "Polly want a cracker?" to shame!  No sleep, at all?  There's no way, I could make that migration. Lol
I know right,  I would fail as a bird!  haha I think its really facinating that birds can make really good nests!  They dont even have hands lol They are even smart enough to know that spiderwebs are great at holding the nests together,  so they steal spiderwebs lol 
So smart and crafty!  On a different note, do you know how to swim?
Yes,  I can swim,  how about yourself?
Me too!  I learned at a very young age, my mom took me a few weeks after I was born.  Apparently, I picked it up pretty quickly.
Wow thats really awesome!  I learned like around 6 years old I think,  thats what my parents told me.  Do you know how to dolphin swim?
I actually can!  I probably can swim just as fast with my hands and legs bound as I can swimming the regular way.  I've never competed competitively doing it, but there are alot of athletes that do.
Thats pretty amazing,  I tried once,  its so hard.  
Have you heard that all Cornell University students have to pass a   test to see if they have basic swimming skills before being allowed to graduate?
Thats really strict.  I guess its good in the long run though!  More people should know how to swim.
That's so true, I shake my head every Summer, when I hear about a little kid drowning.  It's so sad and so easily preventable.
Yeah,  I know a bunch of parents that don't know how to swim and they are scared to get into pools with their kids or they only stay in the shallow end.  Kinda ridiculous,  take some lessons so you can save your kids if they need it. 
Amen, to that! Apparently, there are quite a few very good swimmers in the USA, because we have more Olympic Gold medals than all other countries combined, though.
Woohoo!  Go USA!  haha It's been really great talking to you,  have a good one. 
hey there do you like birds, also known as aves
I do.  My daughter once had an African Gray parrot that had a pretty good vocabulary.  They have a strong but light skeleton.
ah well I ate some chicken earlier today and I can say that birds are tasty haha
Very good!  There are over 10000 species of birds.  No wonder bird watchers can stay occupied.
ya no kidding, I want to see a hummingbird steal a spiderweb, that sounds rad!
I have seen video of dodo birds landing.  They are in the pigeon family and now are extinct.
ah interesting, I always wanted to eat a dodo bird, I guess I can try pigeon to get the next best thing haha
I have eaten doves and quails.  They are tasty.  Some birds can imitate a chain saw.  Our parrot made the sound of sneakers squeaking from watching basketball.
ha thats scary, ya birds in austrailia can immidate a car alarm, I could see that being annoying haha
I never got our parrot to play jazz.  That is a style known as America's classical music.
haha interesting, I want an aquatic bird myself, its rare to see those as pets
Ducks are pretty available, but you have to clip their wings to keep them in your yard.  New Orleans is known as the birthplace of jazz.
ah interesing Ill look into ducks, ya I like jazz and I like that Clint Eastwood puts it in his movies
I agree.  He plays the piano also!
yup thats cool, I liked that movie Million Dollar Baby he made and the soundtrack he created for it
That was real drama!  There is a programming language where the program have jazz-like harmonies.  Artists are everywhere!
that is cool, I want to learn to play the trumpet but then I'd have to grow a goatee for comfort apparently
I saw Louie Armstrong years age just walking into a restaurant for dinner.  He had a trumpeter;s goatee.
oh thats cool, have you ever heard of pakistani jazz?
No.  But the world is getting smaller with the internet.  Is it played by a band or an orchestra?
ya its a whole orchestra and is apparently at the top of all the charts right now
Did you know birds have hollow bones? 
Oh, that must be why they are so light!
Yeah, apparently the feathers are heavier. 
Interesting! Hummingbirds are really light. They are so smart though. They can steal spiderwebs to make and repair nests.
Did you know some birds fly from Alaska to North Mexico without sleeping? 
Wow, that is determination there! Also some birds are determined to drive you crazy, it seems. In Australia there are wild birds that mimic car alarms, cameras, chainsaws. Ugh, that would be the worst one.
I'm finding that one very hard to believe. 
Amazing that they are believed to have branched off from dinosaurs.
WOW, that is pretty cool. What about dodo birds? 
Oh, I guess them too, but they are also a sub family of pigeon.
Interesting. Who would have guessed. 
I don't really like ducks that much. I found some swimming in my pool.
Hilarious. What about Jazz, do you like jazz? 
Yeah, jazz is cool. I like small concerts such as the free jazz concerts that are held at a Harlem woman's apartment. Sometimes top performers stop by.
Did you know clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast? 
I did not know that actually. Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that has been topping the charts. I want to check them out.
That might be interesting. What about swimming, do you like swimming? 
Yeah, I like swimming! Did you know the front crawl was taught by Native Americans to the British?
No, i didn't know that. I know there are banned swimsuits in the olympics. Well, nice chatting with you. 
I didn't know that. I guess it was really good. Well, I would love to take a dip. It's getting hot here! Nice talking to you.
Yeah, pretty funny right? Well, nice chatting with you. 
Do you like comedies? 
I do . like comedies. Do you?
I'm a fan of Bill Murray, have you heard of him? 
I have. Do you have a favorite film of his?
Personally, I like groundhog day or caddyshack. 
I am such a fan of caddyshack. Such a great classic. I also like Stripes.
Stripes, I forgot about that one. Too bad about Harold, he was a good writer and actor. 
Yeah. That was a sad day. I loved him in Stripes and ghostbusters.
Yup. Do you watch Comedy Central? 
I do not anymore. Do you?
No, they cancel way too many shows!
How many have they canceled?
100! Since 1989. LOL
That's a lot. I wonder what ABC and NBC do annually...
I'm not sure. Perhaps they don't make as many shows.
I did see that a lot of shows are going digital before mainstream. Seems like the new testing grounds.
That is true. Did you know Shakespeare invented the name Jessica? 
He invented a few, didn't he? Olivia and Miranda too? 
Yes, olivia and miranda as well. Well, nice chatting with you!
It has been nice chatting with you too! Did you know Shakespeare was alive at the same time as Pocahontas?
No, I didn't, but it doesn't surprise me. Have a good day!
hi, do you like comedy?
Sure, I prefer it over many genres (e.g., horror and animation). Are you familiar with Holly Twyford?
I am actually not. Who is that?
She's a stage actress in DC.  Sort of an "All American" girl. She likes family time, farmers markets, naps and just being normal. Refreshing... 
Yeah that is actually refreshing. do you like comedy?
You already asked me that. 3rd Rock from the Sun was a favorite -- it won a Golden Globe. 
Did you know bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is the best modern age comedy?
Yeah, that's an interesting take.  Have you ever read "Cat Mysteries"? It's a popular genre in fiction.
Yeah that is an interesting one, imagine all the car detectives
Also interesting is the Pocahontas and Shakespeare were alive at the same time.  Pretty sure they never met. 
Pretty sure too or he would have definitely written about her
That would have been interesting.  I think Holly Twyford is interesting in that she is so normal and in the entertainment business. She likes naps, croissants and doing touristy things.
Yeah I think we all appreciate that and glad she sticks to it. did you know shakespeare coined the term 'good ridance'?
Yeah, that's cool.  He also coined "laughing stock" and "Brave New World." I wonder if that's where Huxley got that...
yeah he has coined so many words for sure. and he invented the names miranda, jessica, and olivia
Hmmm.  Speaking of name, the computer language Python was named in part after Monty Python. 
oh that is pretty cool. did you know comedy central has canceled over 100 shows?
Wow.  They are ruthless.  That's as weird as Roger Ebert writing a mystery book. 
Yeah do you know who is the best selling novelist of all time?
Maybe Agatha Christie that sold 4 billion... Oh, actually its the Bible who have many authors.  
Yeah quite an author. nice chat
Are you a fan of Shaespeare?
I am a fan yeah, what about you? do you like him? his work?
I do.  I was reading up on him and discovered I don't know a lot about him as I thought he did.
There's much we dont know, he was born in the year 1564 so a lot of info is missing, he did chage our culture forever
Yes he did.  He is regarded as the greatest writer in the English language.
I have to agree with that, his plays have a mayor influence not only on Americans but on everyone, I bet Shakepeare didn't see that coming
Bet not!  He was alive at the same time as Pocahontas and they died only a year apart.  What are the odds?
I know right, makes you wonder if they ever met each other, 
Be curious for sure.  Did you know he invented the names Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia?
I didn't know that but I do know he invented some of the phrases we use today
What are some of those phrases?
good riddance, wild-goose chase, brave new world. The list goes on, many popular phrases
Awesome!  Switching gears...do you like comedies?
I do like them yeah, also like mystery fictions 
Which mystery fictions do you like?
Robert Ebert, one of his actually, ''Mystery and Romance of the rice cooker''
I'm not familiar with those.  I see that cat mysteries are a popular genre of fiction that involves cats as main characters solving a crime.
That doesn't sound like fun to me,  Agatha Christie is another great author
Now I've heard of her!  Her books have sold over 4 billion copies!
Yeah she is the best selling novelist of all time, her books are great, 
I agree.  I've "read" her books by watching the movies, haha! Thanks for the chat!
Hi, do you like comedy
No, I don't see much theater, there is not opportunities, like in Washington D.C.
I like watching comedy.  I feel very relaxed watching comedy
There is a lot of mediums for comedies, like films, which is your favorite movie ? Kung Fu hustle like Bill Murray ?
I concur, and I like Bill murray a lot.  Did you watch 3rd rock by any chance
I like Monty Python, it is very popular, it is the inspiration for Python programming language. 
it is interesting.  Did you watch comedy central.  I heard that they cancelled more than 100 shows since its creation in 1989
I have watched a few shows from them The Colbert Report was funny and I watch a South Park episode from time to time, I hope it won't get canceled. 
I think the show will not be cancelled soon because of their high rating.  Also, did you watch other comedy series like friends, seinfield...
In my youth, I have watched Seinfeld every week, Friends was just before at 8h00 PM. It was very popular, like Shakespsear in his time. 
I agree.  I still watch Friends occasionally because I find it very funny.  Between Seinfield and Friends, which one do like more
It think I like Seinfeld better, it has influenced some much thing, like Shakespear influenced his time. 
It makes sense.  I agree Seinfield's themes touch more on our daily aspects
Friends is a light comedy, Seinfeld is more like a satire, which is more timeless. 
Completely agree with you on this aspect.  Btw, are you a fan of mystery fiction
Yeah, I have read a few books from Agatha Christie when I was young, but not anymore.
I somehow do not find any interest in mystery fiction because of its unpractical themes
I have stopped read them because I felt cheated by the writer, who sometimes hid details only to reveal them at the end. Which is contrary to the spirit of mystery fiction. 
That is a good point.  I would rather watch either comedy or listen to music.  
What do you think of Shakespear ? He gave some many expression to the English language like Break the ice and good riddance.
I do not like reading Shakespear because I am a bit young for that.  Btw, nice chatting with you.  Have a happy holiday
When you get old maybe you will like to know how much important his work was. Happy holidays 
Hello there, have you seen the Infinity War movie?
hey I did! it was the first movie to be shot in full on imax digital cameras
I heard that, very cool, I have not seen it yet myself but would like to when I get the chance. 
ya it's worth seeing, you'll see theres a part where Iron Man eats shawarma, it's making me hungry right now haha
That is too funny, I don't even know what a shawarma is, but I heard the movie cause a sizable increase in sales!
it did, it's like a sandwich its delicious, did you know that the actor who plays Jarvis has never seen any of the movies he's been in
No I didn't know that either, that seems so strange to not see the final product you worked so hard on. 
ya I agree, did you ever watch the incredible hulk series from the 70's?
Yeah I used to watch old reruns of that show when I was younger.  How about you?
ya I've seen old episodes from time to time, I guess Lou Ferrigno plays a part in the avengers: age of ultron which is cool
That is cool, he paid he's dues and deserved it too. 
ya I'm glad he can relax, would you say you're more of a Marvel or DC person?
I am more of a Marvel person, what is your favorite super hero movie of any side though?
oh I like Iron man and Wolverine myself, but my favorite superhero of all time would be batman who is DC, yours?
My favorite movie from the super heroes would probably be the fist Batman with Michael Keaton. 
haha I do like him as batman! kind of nice is marvel comics created a superhero specifically for a 4 year old boy
Yeah I think that is super cool actually.  I guess there are something like 300 of them total. 
oh wow that is impressive, I remember when Disney acquired Marvel in 2009, I thought that was a crazy thing, and they have exploded
Yeah that definitely has paid off, should be a good investment for years to come. 
oh definitely, did you hear how there is only one character owned by both marvel and dc?
Yeah and sounds like the name fits the character as well.  It was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good one. 
hey there, do you like superhero movies?
Not really much of a fan of those types of movies. What about you?
I like them actually, kind of fun to watch. I recently watched Avengers: Infinity War.
Haven't seen it. I guess it's good for Marvel fans, but I wonder how many of these films Disney will release in the next few years.
It will be interesting to see that for sure. it is the first film that was shot with digital imax cameras only.
I think there must be more money in the cinema experience. I figure that at home, there is no IMAX, so to draw people to the theater, they need IMAX.
yeah true. Do you know who voices the Hulk?
Don't know. The Hulk is the big green fellow?
Yes that is him. It was played by Lou Ferigno once and now he stills does the voice for the character.
That's great! Good for Lou! The man is deaf in one ear. Are you keen on learning about the universe that we live in, not the Marvel universe?
Yes, very much do. Did you know there are stars in the universe that we can touch, they are cold enough. 
I guess that would be an interesting experience. I wonder whether we could live on those stars.
Interesting way of thinking. Some believe the universe is a giant superhologram.
I wonder what I should do with that information. Should I just treat everyone like a mirage? Interesting idea. 
That is interesting indeed. Other think that universes evolve like species do through evolution.
So the stronger universes survive, and get to propagate their laws, while the weaker ones die? I wonder which kind of universe we are in.
Yeah that is an interesting theory. Another one is that the there is only one electron in the universe.
Only one? How would we all share that electron? Seems like an impossibility.
I know right? another says that a region is still pulling galaxies into others
I figure I'm pretty good for the time being. Hey, it's been great chatting!
Same here, have a good one
DO you like Marvel COmics?
I love it. Do you know who owns the rights to Spiderman?
Yes it is SOny, they bought them back in 1998
Yeah and they could have bought the rest of them as well but did not
Yeah for only $25 , that was not a smart decision then
Yeah. Have you heard of the character Access?
Yes that is the one that keeps the marvel and dc universes separate
Yeah. Did you know Marvel had to argue in court that mutants are not people?
yes that was so they can keep the price of the x-men toys down
Yeah. Did you know DIsney does not have the rights to characters east of mississippi
Yes that was due to a contract with universal studios in the 90s

Yeah. Did you hear of the BlueEar superhero

Yes they made it for that guy with a hearing aid. Do you like the Avengers movies?
Yes I do. THe infinity war one was made with imax digital cameras
Yeah. Do you know who is the waitress that captain america saves?
Yes that is the one that voices gretchen in recess
Yeah. Did you know Lou Ferrigno voices the Hulk?
Yes and has done so for decades, even when he appeared in Avengers
Yeah pretty cool. It was really nice chatting with you
Same here, and keep an eye on new superhero movies that might come out
Haha yeah, have a great one
Are you a fan of the Avengers movies?
I have only seen one or two so far.  I have not seen Infinity War yet.  Are you a fan of the movies?
I have not seen any of the movies I have to admit, but know they do very well at the box office. 
I have heard that too.  i am surprised to learn that some of them die in the Infinity War movie though. I wonder how the studio will keep going with movies after this.
Yeah I agree, I think they will come up with new characters to keep it going in my opinion. 
Probably so.  Have you heard of that character, Access?  It's sole purpose seems to be to keep marvel and dc separate.
I have not heard of him no.  Are you a fan of Marvel Comics in general?
I guess so. I do like some of the movies.  I actually haven't read very many comics.  Disney bought Marvel in 2009 so that's probalby what is increasing it's popularity.
Yeah I think that was a huge move, very smart too. 
I agree. Even though Marvel has been around since 1939, Disney has a much larger audience and fan base.
Yes the do, and it's always growing, and buying Star Wars brings all those people in too. 
It definitely does.  Did you know though that Disney does not own the rights to show some marvel characters east of the mississippi in their theme parks?
No I didn't know that, very interesting.  
Yeah, it's all due to a contract Marvel signed with Universal Studies back in the 1990's.  
Did you know Marvel made a superhero named blue ear?
No, what's that about?
I guess it was for a four year old who was uncomfortable wearing hearing aids and he said superheroes dont wear them, so they made one who did!
That is very nice and very impressive!  It shows that Marvel is a good fit with Disney because they obviously care about kids!
Yes, I thought that was a very cool thing they did. 
I like to think about how Sony must feel by not buying Marvel when they had the chance.
Oh gosh, yeah they would have done so well if they did. 
Hi good evening. You like Marvel comics?
Yup.  Super big fan.  Did you see Avengers Infinity War?
Yes I did. Great film. It was the 19th film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe!
What did you think of the ending? Guess everyone was waiting for that big Thanos moment.
Ending was crazy. Thanos was such a good villain Josh Brolin did a fantastic job!
Right?!? I mean the entire cast is great.  Did any of the deaths shock you?  The one that hit me the hardest was Spiderman.  But didn't feel too bad. I mean he's got a sequel coming so it can't be all that bad for those who "died."
Yeah that was crazy, although I don't remember him dying? Did he save Iron Man right? Sony is the only company with rights to Spiderman.
Spidey died or "vanished."  His was the one where he was stumbling and said, "I don't feel so good Mr. Stark."  Glad Sony and Marvel worked out some kind of deal.  Was really happy with Tom Holland.  You have any favorite actors in the Marvel Universe?
Oh yeah now I remember...Tom Holland was great better than Toby IMO. I love Chris Hemsworth as Thor. He is such a good God! Also Ragnarok was so epic.
Funny, my little girl loves Ragnorak.  Had to double check if she was starting to like boys because she kept saying Thor is cool!  I'm really impressed by the way Marvel has so many different kinds of characters.
Haha everyone likes Thor I think. Yes they do. I like how Lou Ferrigno, the original Hulk, has made some appearances as well.
Isn't that great. I had read the Lou Ferrigno had a hearing problem.  Interestingly, Marvel created a superhero named Blue Ear specifically for a 4 year old boy who told his mom superheroes don't wear hearing aids.  
Wow that is so heartfelt of them. Marvel is very smart. They even argued in court once that mutants are not people! It was in regards to their toy licensing. 
Man when Marvel was acquired by Disney back in 2009 I thought that would be a big business mistake.  But as you say, they know what they're doing.
Yes exactly. But Disney doesn't own the rights to the big marvel characters in theme parks east of the Mississippi!
Ha.  The way Disney owns everything it's almost as if they're their own Universe! Or maybe they're the sun and everything revolves around them
Great comparison! There is even one character owned by both marvel and DC named Access! His purpose is to keep the two universes separate!
Wow.  That's pretty cool.  Think Marvel
I am just glad Sony didn't end up buying the rights to all of Marvel back in 1998! Well have a good one it was nice chatting with you!
Thanks.  Sorry meant to say in the last post that I think Marvel's beating DC overall right not. Think Stan Lee did a great job pushing Marvel forward. Though a lot of credit does go to Steve Ditko and Jack Kirby.
No problem, and yes I totally agree. Marvel>DC. Also RIP Stan Lee! Have a good one!
Have you watched Infinity War?
I did, I though it was a great movie, it integrated characters perfectly, did you watch it? did you like it?
I did not like it. I don't like Marvel movies that much. I have been watching The Punisher. I like the Marvel series a lot better.
The Punisher is a great serie, did you also watched Daredevil, Iron Fist, Luke Cage? those are also pretty good
Sorry, I meant I have not watched Infinity War. Yes, I have watched Luke Cage. I also liked Jessica Jones. Was that marvel too? And I have not watched the rest but I will have to check them out. It's cool that so many characters were in Inifinity Wars though.
Many superheroes indeed, my favorite Iron Man. Infinity War definetely made history, its the first moie to be shot with only digital Imax cameras,
Movies don't hold my attention as much as series. I'm not sure I could sit through Infinity Wars since it's over two and a half hours long.
It is pretty long but I think its a must watch movie, the cast is great many of my favorite actors are in the movie and Iron Man just cracks me up
At least it seems like the characters are relatable. I heard that the best moments are the ones that were focused on the characters.
I think its interesting how characters can be bad in one movie but then become good in the next like Bucky Barnes in the Winter Soldier, did you watch that movie?
No, I haven't watched that movie. I know what you mean though.
There is weird fact about The Avengers but somehow the movie caused shawarma sales to increase.
Hmm, was that in the movie?
I think in the end of the first movie of The Avengers the whole team goes to a small shawarma joint to eat, maybe thats why the sales increased! One thing I know for sure and that is that im starting to get hungry lol
Haha, yeah, that is making me hungry too. Speaking of foot, oddly, I remember watching the Hulk series when I was younger, during dinner. The actor who played the Hulk has been voicing the character ever since then including every apperance up to Avengers age of Ultron.
Thats an interesting fact indeed, so theres this popular character called Jarvis, so the character that plays his voice has never watched the films either so you are not alone lol
Wow, that is crazy. Maybe it just kind of ruins it if you're an actor in the franchise.
I guess that could be a bummer, I wonder where the franchise gets all their ideas from? I bet they had the universe as a source of their inspiration for sure
Are there any holograms in the Marvel series? There is a theory that the universe may be one giant superhologram.
Yes, there are holograms in the movies and that is one crazy theory not sure if thats the right one but Im willing to remain open minded lol
Kind of a scary thought, but kind of cool.
Hello, are you a fan of superhero movies?
Yes, I've seen a few. I really like Ironman, and it is funny to read that he use to hide food on the sceen
That's interesting, I'm sure they must have had fun with that. Speaking of food, I know the avengers caused an increase in shawarma sales.
Really? I wonder what that is?
Not sure. Have you seen Avengers: Infinity War?
No. Did you? I'm sure it's good. All of them are. So many stars in one film.
I have seen it, I thought the technological lengths were impressive. It was the first film shot entirely with digital IMAX cameras.
Wow. That would be fun to watch in IMAX theater. I was interested to find that Disney does not own the rights to some marvel characters like spiderman.
That's interesting, I have also heard Sony was offered exclusive rights to all their characters, but only purchased the rights to Spiderman because they didn't think people would care about other characters.
Really. That seems to have been a big mistake for Sony. The plots to these movies a all the same basically... fight for good against evil.
I agree, and yet they last forever seemingly. The same actor who originally voiced the Hulk in the 1970's has voiced the character for decades since.
Really? Each of the heroes have their own personalities. I like the Hulk, too. The Winter Soldier must have been a good guy at one time, is that right?
I'm not sure! The most interesting character I know is access, it's owned by both Marvel and DC, and it's only purpose is to keep the two companies separate.
Do you know that in reality, the universe is amazing and there may even be another universe in a black hole?
That's interesting, people have their theories about everything in the universe. I've heard on that there is only one electron in the whole universe!
Amazing! There are lots of sounds out there in the universe. It's thought that in a black hole the sound that is 57 octaves below middle c is emitted.
I wonder how they measure something like that. It would be interesting to measure outside the observable universe, where a region of space might be pulling galaxies outside.
Only God knows. I've heard there are sounds that come from other parts of the galaxies. Recorded!!
That's scary to think honestly. I've heard the universe may only be one giant superhologram, maybe that would mean even these sounds are fictional too.
Wow!!! Am I a part of a superhologram?
Who knows? Scientists theorize universes evolve through natural selection, maybe one day we'll figure out something definite. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a good night!
Hi!  Are you a superhero fan?
Hi! I am a huge fan of Infinity War! Did you know it was the first film to be shot 100% on IMAX cameras? That is so cool!
I had heard that.  I also heard that they killed off a few big characters.
It's crazy, isn't it? I also think it's crazy that there was an increase in Shawarma sales thanks to the Avengers!
I know!  That is pretty crazy that it had that kind of influence.
Agreed! But then you have people like the guy who voiced Jarvis in the Avengers and Iron Man films who's never watched any of the movies. Can you believe that?
That is odd, I am sure Lou Ferrigno has seen many of the hulk films since he started voicing the character.
I'm sure he has. Ha! I'm also sure the waitress in Avengers that Captain America saves (who also voiced the character Gretchen in Recess) has seen the films as well!
I think most actors/actresses do.  I guess some just want to be done with them.
I don't blame them one bit. Acting has to be stressful. I also wonder how stressful a scientist's job is? Speaking of scientists, did you know there are some who theorize universes actually evolve through natural selection like different species do here on earth?
Yeah!  I think contemplating the universe is great, especially if we are alone in it!
Indeed it is! Speaking of the universe, you know it could simply be one massive superhologram!
Wouldnt that be interesting!  I think there is stuff beyond what we even know.
I do as well. You know, there's also a theory stating there's only one electron in the entire universe! That is pretty interesting if you ask me!
It is, as well as stars so cold we could touch them!
That would be awesome to do! They also say there's a part of space that could possibly be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe. That is crazy, isn't it?
It is! I think the universe is always expanding and that might be why.
It could be. Plus even though the spatial size of the universe is unknown, It's still possible to measure the observable universe!
Which, in itself, is crazy to me.  This seemingly infinite space can be measured- we don't even know if there is other life, but we know where it might be.
It is, crazy. There are so many questions and contradictions, it's hard to keep up! Well we talked about the Marvel "universe" earlier, but did you know there's a character both DC and Marvel owns called Access who was created to keep both DC and Marvel's universe's separate?
I would need his help telling them apart.  LOL.  It's been nice chatting, but I must get going.
That suprised me they both own a character and yet, Disney doesn't own the rights to the big named Marvel characters in all the theme parks east of the Mississippi because, in the 1990s, Marvel signed a contract with Universal Studios. Well it was nice chatting with you as well! Hope you have a great day, friend! 
You as well!
Do you play video games? 
You know, I'm older. I actually played Pong when it came out and Pacman, but I haven't in 30 years. Do you play, much experience in them? Shocking to me that Jane McGonigal calculated we play 3 billion hours of video games a week as a planet.
Interesting. I've played pong, my first game system was an Atari. 
I read somewhere that Atari had 52 or 64 colors, Pong had two on my the old TV my dad had in the basement. Low tech indeed, have you played Fortnite? Seems like a big deal in gamer circles.
I think it was nintendo. I've never played Fortnite, I don't even know what it is to be honest. 
Well that makes two of us, those players probably don't know what pong is/was. I have heard of Minecraft, once again never played. A world bigger than Neptune it's reported, are you familiar with that at all?
Interesting, how is that possible? 
I have no idea, I assume you use Amazon though. You see where Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain to run 10,000 years. We'll not see that one run out of winding or battery, nor our grandkids.
I use amazon too. Do you know if it is an atomic clock? 
I assume it is, I don't think we have battery technology for 10.000 years, if we did you'd never have to charge an electric car and it would run your whole life. Jeff Bezos had some problems with the National Inquirer recently, he might have wanted to hide in his warehouse. You see the workers walks 7-15 miles a day, they wouldn't need a gym membership.
yeah, I don't think so either. I didn't know that Amazon owned IMDB. 
Yes, kind of makes sense if they're selling movies and video's. you see that first Amazon customer spent $27.95 in  1994 and got a building named after him. I didn't know that, had you heard that or know his/her name?
I'm not sure, I've never heard of this. I know amazon gets a special deal with the USPS. 
Yes, I assume bulk savings as they might be the USPS biggest customer. It makes sense to me, you see where the first video games were called, "cathode ray tube amusement devices" and used by the military. I assume flight simulator or night goggle vision fighting, something like. You think they had any idea it would be the start of a $74 billion dollar industry worldwide?
I'm not sure. I wonder if we could get a similar USPS deal? 
I really doubt it unless you ship a lot more things than I do. you see where it's illeagle for kids under 16 to play video games in South Korea after midnight, that a good idea, especially on school nights but how would the government enforce that (seems like parents should know that already and want their young kids asleep at midnight)?
Apparently as a planet we play 3 billion hours of video games a week. 
Yes, and since I play none there's a few out there playing a lot to run the total up. You see where Amazon is the third most valuable company in the US by market capitilization. I mean they make some electronic devices, they really just ship goods from manufacturers to consumers. I don't think its good that they're so valuable as simply a shipping firm.
I didn't know that Jim Hanks does Woody's voice in video games, did you? 
Neither did I, you think the Hanks family sits around the table at Thanksgiving using their various movie voices? That is pretty amazing family, but Tom seems like a pretty normal guy.
They seem like they would be cool people to get to know. 
Are you a fan of video games?
Hi, yes I love video games, from classic games to newer games like hitchhikers guide to the galaxy which is surprisingly good.
I never knew that was an actual game! Video games were called cathode ray tube amusement devices when first invented
Huh I didn't know that. Yeah it's a great game and Stephen Fry does narration in the video game too. You should check it out.
I will check it out. I watched the movie but now I need to play the game
Fry also does narration in the harry potter games. Most of which are actually very good usually movie / book video games aren't good but they are great.
I am sure I can buy it on amazon, I love amazon, do you?
Can't go wrong with same day shipping, or Sunday deliveries. I've been buying on amazon since they were a bookstore.
I love same day shipping, It started off as a book sale company.
Yeah I said I've been buying since they were a book store. Its amazing they can ship all this heavy stuff for free. The first customer who bought from them got a building named after them!
You can get everything on Sunday, they have a contract with the usps to ship on sunday
Yeah. They are so big and only getting bigger. I like that they've branched out to other things like owning a publishing company.
For sure, they are so rich and Jeff Bezos is too! I hear that people that work at amazon walk between 7 and 15 miles per day as part of their shift
They get a lot of bad press for that but I find that hard to believe. I'm sure most people drive machines across the building. I've worked in big warehouses before.
me too, they don't walk that much, otherwise they would be so skinny! did you know IMDB is owned by Amazon
I did not. I wonder what they want with IMDB. I don't think that website makes a lot of money.
For sure lol I was thinking the same thing. I wish I was the first person to buy something from Amazon, they have a building named after them
I told you that a minute ago! They spent $27.95
sorry must have missed that, good chatting with you!
You too, go buy the game on amazon.
I will, thanks! Bye!
Have you heard of the popular game called Fortnite? The name of the game is survival where players fight each other though zombies and find materials to build shelters, do you play?
My kid plays it constantly with all his friends.  I guess that is partly why it takes up 12.8% of traffic to the gaming platform. It went to the top of the charts quickly in the US and a bunch of other countries.
Yes, it was an international obsession with over 150 million players worldwide! It's also the most-watched game on Twitch, did you know that Amazon owns that site, Twitch. IT's where people upload streaming of games.
Even basketball champions are referencing the game with their victories.  I can't figure out why though as I personally can't stand the game.
I never got into it, but a lot of my co-workers who are also sports fans talk about it. Overall, I think gaming has become more mainstream, seems like there's at least some sort of gaming console in a lot of households these days.
Pop star Drake even plays the game and got 628,000 viewers on Twitch to view him and "Ninja."
I hope he didn't keep kids up past midnight because it is illegal for kids 16 and under in South Korea to play video games past midnight. I wonder how they monitor or enforce that though.
Sounds scary though to be caught.  But if Jane McGonigal can calculate that as a planet we play three billion hours of video games per week, maybe they can monitor kids in South Korea.
Yeah, wonder what the punishment is, but seems like kids who play video games can stimulate their creative brains like MInecraft who partnered with unhabitat to let kids design changes they want to see in the games.
The military even used video games called "cathode ray tube amusement devices."  Probably those games were more for a combat mission function.  I wonder if the designers of those games would have liked Fortnite.
Or be inspired from the game! It's pretty cool fact that Tom Hanks' brother actually does Woody's voice in the video games version of the game. They do have very distinguishable vocal cords.
Wow, that is interesting!  Do you play Minecraft?  One school in Sweden requires minecraft lessons.  I think my children will want to move there soon.
Haha, kids might actually look forward to school! No, I do not play Minecraft but that world is bigger than Neptune which I forget is the which largest planet in the solar system in terms of rank.
I think it is great that kids can have a chance to make their world more environmentally friendly with un habitat partnering with Minecraft to let kids make designs of ways to change the environment for the better.
Yes, I agree. Considering that Minecraft is the third best selling video game of all time, I think their very noble for giving back to the community.
I would ask Amazon to deliver Minecraft to my children sometime when they ask me urgently for it on a boring weekend.  They have a contract with the post office.
Being that they're the largest internet retailer in the world, they sure would be able to do that. I admire Jeff Bezos for what an amazing business he has built, I must admit I use a lot of services Amazon offers.
Those who work for Amazon do a great job and work really hard.  They must really be in shape walking 7-15 miles a day on their shifts.
Yeah, that's a physically demanding job, Amazon offers so many products, I didn't know that they also owned IMDB, no wonder its integrated in their prime videos. Would love Netflix to offer that as well.
I remember when Amazon was just selling books and now it has grown so much.  They have audiobooks, video downloads, video games, electronics, even food!  I love to shop on amazon.com
Me too! They even offer low-end products under its in-house brand AmazonBasics, but I have tried some of their products and think their quite qualitative for the price point.
Nice talking to you.  I think I'll go shop on Amazon now for some new furniture!
Some theorists think of video games as an artform.  I would mostly disagree with that!
Yes, they are definitely an expression of art! Did you know that Tom Hanks brother Jim does voices in video games?
i didn't know that.  In South Korea it is illegal for kids under 16 to play video games after midnight.  wish that were true here too
Yes I agree with that, kids are staying up all night on their devices now days!
i think it is funny that the military called video games cathode ray tube amusement devices.  CRTAD acronym I'm sure.
Yep, There is also a school in Sweden with actual Minecraft lessons being taught!
Oh no.  Video games in school not a good idea.  lol  Minecraft is the 3rd best selling video game of all time though.
I'm not surprised about that!  And...someone actually built a working 16 bit computer using only minecraft building blocks! Wow.
crazy.  how is the Minecraft world bigger than Neptune?  i don't get that...
I don't understand that one actually, I was just wondering about that!  I see that Amazon named a building after their very first customer who spent 27.95
must be theoretical or something.  it's hard to imagine that Amazon is still smaller than Alibaba.
I didn't know that it was smaller, interesting.  I also didn't know that Amazon and the post office have a deal to deliver amazon packages to their customers on Sunday.
I get Amazon Prime deliveries all the time on Sunday.  AWS is their fastest growing subsidiary providing web or cloud based services.
I have Prime also, I've just never received a box on a Sunday.  I wonder why Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain that would run for 10,000 years? Seems like a waste of money when people go hungry each day here in America.
strange.  i guess hungry people will need to know the time too, but seems excessive for sure.  i did not know IMDB was owned by Amazon.  seems they have a hidden base of information there.
I didn't know that either. Amazon employees must be in pretty good health, they walk on average at work, between 7 and 15 miles.
i just was reading that too.  must be a job requirement to be in good health too.  don't want people hurting themselves on the job.
True....lol. Have you ever bought any of the "House" products, AmazonBasics?
no, i didn't know Amazon Basics was a thing but if they are cheaper and basic i would try.  wonder if they offer on Prime?
I'm pretty sure they do offer them on Prime, I'm going to find out.  I haven't tried them yet, but I have seen them on their website.
cool, i'll look into it too.  i'd rather talk about amazon and not video games myself.
Me too!  I have a lot to say about shopping, ha ha!
Have you seen Black Panther?
No but I would love to!! what about you?
no! I have seen other marvel movies though. have you?
/yes I have! this one sounds very catching. This black panther is way richer than Bruce Wayne, I would like to see that
you're right, i read that black panther is the richest one! do you know the story of black panther?
No  but I am going to read about it. I would like to see the performance of Lupita Nyong'o
i'm not familiar with her, is she in any other movies?
She has received an Oscar already! And talking about other marvel movies I really liked the fantastic 4
which one was that, i don't think i've seen it!
I suggest you do, It is really a cool movie. And talking about Marvel. I have read they created a superhero blue ear for a 4 year old boy who needed a hearing aid but did not want to use one, so Marvel created a superhero aid for him
i saw that, it is so thoughtful of them! Do you watch any of the shows associated with marvel on tv?
No actually I have not. I have heard Marvel was acquired by Disney. I am excited to see what would be coming as far as even better movies.
yes, i saw that too. but i guess disney wont be building any marvel related rides anytime soon...
Who knows? And about Walt Disney movies I love the wreck it Ralph one
i haven't seen many of the new ones! I do believe they are re-releasing lion king, have you heard about that? as live action i think...
I have heard and have seen the trailer. I am definitely going to the movies for it. I love also Pixar Movies
which is your favorite? 
Wreck it Ralph 
ahhh you did mention that. is there one about emotions? I believe i saw that one!
The emotions one is Inside out. About wreck it Ralph I read the development started in the 80's
ahhh yes that one was so cute! it's been a pleasure chatting. have a great night/day :)
I never saw black panther. I love Angela Bassett
I do too. I also love Ryan Coogler, who co-wrote the screenplay
Did you know The richest superhero is actually black panther
Yes who has an estimated of $500 billion
I do get it confused with the black panther party,
I did too at first. Did you know that The symbols ased on an actual script called nsibdi?
Yes it goes back to the 4th century 
Correct. Chadwick boseman almost went to oxford. He must be smart
Yes he could not afford it.
Do you like Marvel Comics ? Walt Disney owns it
I do. But they do now rights to show "big" marvel characters (avengers, x-men, spider-man, etc
yes thats in theme parks east of the mississippi
That was nice of them to come up with a hearing aid wearing hero
That as nice. It as for a 4 year old boy
I have never heard of the hero names access
Me either. They made it to try to keep both companies' universes separate
Did you know that Frozen was the first animated disney film directed by a woman
No i did not. They recycled  a lot of their animation frames a very long time ago
ye that was back in the 70's
And they make the toys before they make the movies 
I would like to see the lino king in zulu 
Have you seen the Black Panther movie?
I have, and I didn't care for it.I do like the fact that one of the tribal elders, made her acting debut at 88.
That's cool. I heard that another related film The Lion King was the first Disney film to be dubbed into Zulu.
Yes, isn't that amazing? Chadwick Boseman's benefactor was Denzel Washington. He thanked him at the premiere of Black Panther. That was sweet of him.
I didn't know that but I heard that the script came one dating back to the 4th century in an area around current Nigeria.
I have not heard that.I think its cute that Marvel created a superhero with a blue ear, just for a little boy who was uncomfortable wearing hearing aids. I wonder how much Stan Lee played a part in that.
I can't believe Stan Lee is dead. I wonder if the movies will be as good without his input.
I miss him on Twitter. I hope so, there are so many stories left to tell. I'm glad Michael Jackson wasn't able to buy Marvel.
Jackson bought all the rights to the Beatles music. I wonder who in his family owns them now. That's a lot of money. I can't believe Marvel offered Sony for $25 million but turned it down. They have lost billions.
I think some of the catalog was auctioned off to pay debt. Or, they went to his kids. I don't get why Sony did that. Anyway, at least Jackson was never able to play Spider Man in his own movie.
I didn't know till recently Disney acquired Marvel. That is a smart company to keep going all these years.
Disney does a lot of weird things. Big Hero 6, was created on a super computer.
Yeah, they don't make cartoons like they used to. It is all computer generated. But I was surprised to learn Frozen was their first film directed by a woman.
It's insane that it took them that long. Did you know that Dr. Strange's character is based on Sir Isaac Newton?
I didn't. I guess that is where they got that weird cape from he wears. Looking at old painting of him. I didn't know Newton could travel through time. Oh wait, no he created gravity, oh wait, or was that applesauce from the apple that fell on his head.
He's the gravity guy, lol. I guess if you are hit in the head hard enough, you can travel through time. After all, he was once a Sorcerer Supreme.
Hmm, that is true. If you get hit in the head. Go into a coma and wake up ten years later you have traveled 10 years into the future as far as your reality goes. When you go to sleep at night you travel 8 hours into the future cause you don't realize the time has passed if you don't wake up the whole time.
And then when you wake up, you are T'Challa, King of Wakanda.
I never read comic books as a kid. Did you know that Marvel got to pay a lower rate on X-men toys since they are not human, as opposed to human dolls?
I didn't know that.Had the MCU of failed, Merrill Lynch would have ended up owning Captain America and the rest of the Avengers.
Interesting, it's all about money. I can't believe Black Panther is supposed to have $500 billion, while Stark only has $100 billion, Wayne a puny 80.
Well, Shuri IS a better inventor than Tony. My problem with the movie, is that they rushed it. I think they could have done a much better job, had they of taken their time with it. 
Well, I am sure there will be many more. Lots of comics out there. Lots of material. At one time they tried to ban comics cause they thought they made kids violent.
Thank you for chatting with me, it has been nice. Enjoy your night.
I have learned a lot about Black Panther from you. Thanks.
you are welcome. 
Hey are you a Black Panther fan? It seemed to be a cult classic!
I have heard a lot about it! I know T'Challa is crowned king of Wakanada following his father's death.
Yep you're right. Actually Black Panther is considered the richest superhero too.
I wonder how rich he is?
He has an estimated 500 billion!!! That is dirty rich!
That is a lot of money. And I thought Disney was a big deal! 
Yeah same with me. Marvel is just as big. In 1998 they actually offered the cinematic rights of their characters to Sony!
Wow.  Marvel is the company that created superhero blue ear for the boy that had to wear hearing aids but told his mom superheroes do not wear hearing aids. Marvel heard it and created the character.
That is so nice of them. Marvel actually argued in court once that mutants are not people!
Was that the case fought to pay a lower rate on toys instead of a higher rate on dolls?
Yes thats the one! I think they won!
Good for them! I know Marvel branding began in 1961.
Thats a lot of years of making money! Disney actually doesn't own the rights to show popular marvel characters in theme parks east of the mississippi!
Oh, interesting. Wait, is that due to a contract?
Yeah they signed the contract with Universal Studios back in the 90's!
Oh that was a long time ago! Marvel started as Timely Productions.
Interesting. Sounds like they then progressed to becoming Atlas Comics...
Yes, they might have. So back to Disney, Frozen was the first animated film directed by a woman.
Wow talk about starting off with a bang!! That was a great movie. Another first was when lion king dubbed into zulu for its african release.
I loved Lion King! I know during the 1970's Disney recycled a lot of their frames resulting in identical scenes in some movies.
Yea I heard about that. The toy industry also sounds like they anticipate the movies! Nice talking to you friend.
Do you know many facts about voting?
Hmmm. How about that the 2012 election was the first that didn't have a veteran on either party's ticket?
Good point!  Did you know that the Indian gov't sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter?  I kind of find that hard to believe because as far as I know there are only Tigers in India.
Haha. Well there once was a dog that beat two people in an election for mayor -- then served 13 years! Wonder what city that was. 
What are the odds of that?  Hahah  The citizens of Austin, TX once voted to rename their garbage dump after Fred Durst!  
A cat named Hank placed third in a senate election in Virginia. What is it with people voting for animals? 
That's funny! lol  Astronauts can vote from space.  That's a good thing!
Always good when people can vote. How about this one -- the candidate who blinks the fastest has lost every presidential debate since 1980. That's a crazy stat. 
How in the heck did someone even decide to start tracking that data?  Wow.  LOL
I was thinking the same thing. Another animal getting votes -- in 1988 a chimp came in third place for mayor of Rio de Janeiro. 
That's funny!  34 percent of the black male population in Alabama has permanently lost the right to vote!
That'd tragic. Hopefully they can pass legislation to correct that. Speaking of Alabama, 40% of voters voted to continue the legal ban on interracial marriage -- and this was in 2000. 
That's crazy.  When Arnold Schwarzenegger was governor of CA, he would fly by private jet 3 hours every day to Sacremento.
Man, that's quite a commute. JFK, who is widely remembered for his work to advance civil rights, actually voted against the 1957 Civil Rights Act.
Interesting!  Texas elected their first female governor before some states even ratified the 19th amendment.
That's awesome. In South Carolina, an Atheist cannot be governor. That's insane. 
Crazy indeed!  In 1934, North Dakotas governor declared martial law and seceded from the US.  Never heard that before.
I've never heard that either. In Kentucky, you can't be Governor if you've ever participated in a duel. I guess that rules me out. Haha. 
What?  That is an odd one for sure!  The Beatles wrote "Come Together" for Timothy Leary's 1969 CA governor campaign.  It's been fun chatting with you!
You too!
Have a good day!
Good afternoon Theo. I think it's very important to vote in elections what about you? Elections have been operating since the 17th century.
It is a great process of decision-making for citizens to choose who gets to hold a public office. Democracy is great!
Yes democracy is indeed the best no doubt. Officials in ancient Athens were appointed by lottery because they believed elections would lead to an oligarchy. Boy were they wrong.
Yeah electoral reform was definitely needed to improve the fairness of the process for sure.
I definitely agree. Another weird thing is that since 1900 the taller candidate has won the US presidential election 75% of the time. Now that I think of it Trump was taller than Hillary.
Hmmm, that is so weird. Not as weird as a CAT named Hank who placed 3rd in a Virginia senate election. LOL
Yeah must not have been very good candidates. The voter turn out for US presidential elections hasn't breached 62.8% in the last 100 years. That's too bad.
Yeah probably not. So like the taller candidate winning 75% of the time, the faster blinker in the presidential debates has lost every election since 1980. I wonder who sits around and counts the blinking?
Yeah I need to know who is coming up at the stats! Nevada is the only state to have a none of these candidates voting option for presidential elections.
So do I. I like the way Oregon works. All their elections are conducted by mail so you don't even have to leave the house to vote.
Wow that is so convenient! Almost like astronauts voting from space.
Yes just like that. Apparently people like animals more than some politicians. A dog beat two mayorial candidates and actually served 13 years as mayor.
Ha ha that is hilarious. In 1934, North Dakota's governor declared martial law and seceeded from the US. I didn't even know that was legal!
Don't laugh too much at the dog. In Rio de Janeiro, a chimpanzee got 400,000 votes and came in 3rd in another mayoral race. Those mayors must be horrible people.
Wow that is so amazing! How does that even happen? When Arnold Schwarzenegger was governor of California he commuted three hours every day by private jet. Not exactly environmentally friendly.
Wow you are right about that. In Kentucky you can only become governor if you have never participated in a duel. Who even does that anymore?
Ha ha that is some old school rules right there. Do you remember the Beatles song come together? It was written for a California governor campaign!
Really, how cool. The governor of OK has a pool shaped like the state. I think that is awesome. 
Yeah that is very patriotic. Texas elected their first female governor before some states even ratified the 19th amendment. It was the second elected female in the nation! It was nice conversing with you! I hope you have a good evening.
Girl power! :) I like how politics is progressing in that way. Same here. Bye!
Bye!
Hey there did you vote in the last election?
I did not, I would have probably selected "none of these candidates" option if I was in Nevada
Yep I would do that too. I think that's an option everyone should have, would you ever live in ancient Athens? Apparently they would do elections like a lottery
Seem like they were trying to avoid oligarchy to form!
Yep it's apparently so. It's kind of sad that voter turnout maxes out at 63% in the United States. What percent do you think it should be?
Not sure but people just dont trust any politician anymore. did you know astronauts can vote from space?
Wow that's really cool! Another thing that I didn't know is that the taller presidential candidate has won 75% of the time since the year 1900, so the Democrats should definitely run a basketball player LOL
I am wondering if that is a coincidence because It has happened for more than 100 years and 75% is a high percentage
Yep I agree with you. I wonder which election was won by the shorter candidate actually haha. Did you hear that in 2012 International election observers were blocked in nine States from viewing the polls? Why would that be
That sounds pretty strange! It is strange also that a garbage dump was named after Fred Durst and that was voted by the citizens of Austin TX
That is pretty funny. I guess if you are Fred Durst you would be kind of embarrassed, but you have so much money you just don't even care LOL
That is true, they are just happy to make headlines, did you know how the indian government put a voting booth in a forest full of lions?
No I didn't know that. That's super nice of them though. What is it nice is that 34% of the black population in Alabama, specifically males, lost their right to vote permanently
That is crazy, talking about music, I did not know that the Beatles's come together was written for a political campaign!
No I didn't know that either. Are there any Governors that you like? I remember when Schwarzenegger was governor of California, apparently he would commute to work everyday
He commuted 3 hours wow, that is such a long commute, and it was in a jet!
Yep in a jet, seems like a waste of money especially for fuel but oh well, did you hear about the governor who seceded from the United States?
I heard something happenned in 1934 in North Dakota.I wonder why that ocurred?
Yes I wonder what caused him to do that. Very interesting that Texas had a female governor before the 19th amendment was ratified. That's impressive
That was something out of the ordinary!! And it was the second in the nation!
Yep that's why I think it was so impressive! Also impressive was the guy Ralph Laurence carr. he actually opposed in turning the Japanese-Americans during World War II, that was probably not a popular opinion back then
I try not to involve myself everyday with politics because it can be so negative, but I felt really proud to vote in the recent midterm elections. Voting is so important for us as a group.
I feel the same, so much negativity, but in order to enact change we must vote.
It's crazy to think that voter turnout hasn't exceeded 62.8% in the last century.
I think many people are disenfranchised with the candidates.  Nevada has it right, they have a none of these candidates option..  If we could vote for that and then get new people it would be awesome!
I'm not sure how I feel about that. Sometimes having that option with a group that feels like everything is black and white, or blue and red, so to speak, then not voting for either would take away votes from the other candidates. If voter turnout was better, maybe we could really have a shot of a multi-party election. Astronauts even make sure to vote from space! 
Certainly there is something we need to do to get better turnouts.  But there are so many who cant vote.  Like the 34% of black men in alabama
Maybe Athens had something right about just having a lottery to elect a candidate? It does seem like we're heading towards being an oligarchy with the voting system as it is.
True.  Beatles have written some campaign songs.   Like fo Timothy Leary's 1969 Governor campaign
Yeah, Come Together is one of my favorite Beatles songs.
There was a governor that once declared martial law and seceded from the US.  Back in 1934.
I believe it was North Dakota. I wonder why the United States let them back in?
I dont know, maybe it is part of the constitution that states cant do that? Or the people of the state voted to get back in?
I know it's in the Texas constitution that they can secede. Texas is more progressive than people realize. It had the second female governor in the nation before some states even ratified the 19th Amendment.
Really, I didnt know that was part of the Texas Constitution. Im from Florida, the one state that cant seem to do an election and voting correctly.  
Yeah, and a lot of people think Colorado has always been pretty progressive, too. Ralph Lawrence Carr was the only governor who objected to Japanese-American internment camps during World War 2. Can you believe that?
No.  That is pretty crazy
Not crazier than Austin, TX voting to rename their city dump to Fred Durst. Haha!
I can't believe they could actually vote to do that. That is wild.
Apparently, the taller presidential candidate has won 75% of the time. Hope the next person is taller than Trump!
For real.  Lets start searching.  
I just wish they wouldn't make voting so hard for some people and we could have a shot. Some people waited for up to 5 hours to vote in Georgia.
That is outlandish.  If astronauts can vote from space, surely we can figure it out here on earth.  Anyway, Ive got to go.  Have a good night!
Do you like to play video games?
I do, but I don't play much. Do you?
I don't play much either but have an Xbox One, I think that game Fe can be an interesting choice for a weekend
Did you know PlayStation 3s are being used to research black holes?
They are? thats amazing, I wonder why they use Play Stations instead of supercomputers
The us dept of defense used 1760 ps3's to build a supercomputer because it was cheaper than the alternative!
I see thats a creative solution did you ever play Grand Theft Auto?
Yes! did you? I heard the playstation game plays the soundtrack in a cd player.
I played it but never tried to reproduce the game in a CD player, it was a  great game though
Agreed. Do you like animals?
I do like animals, there are 20 quintillion of them on the planet! 
Crazy! The study of animals is called zoology. Wish I studied that more in school!
I do too, there are many interesting facts like how animals develop white patches on their foreheads once they are domesticated
Also that in 2002 Germany was the first country to give animals constitutionally guaranteed legal rights.
I guess thats a nice thing to do, some people treat animals like trash and its not like they can fight back, especially if they are small and defenseless.
Agreed. What is your favorite animal?
My favorite animals are dogs I also like birds, do you have a preference?
Birds are just oh so fascinating. Did you know most birds bones weigh less than their feathers?
Wow thats interesting, I never knew that about birds although they must have light skeletons in order to fly, must be difficult to fly with a lot of weight on them.
Hummingbirds actually steal spiderwebs to build and  repair their nests!
I bet spiders must hate them then, that sounds messed up, poor spiders after all that hard work....
I would be pissed if I was a spider.
I know right, theres not much spiders can do about it so yeah.
hey did you know that scientists are using ps3's to research the magic of black holes?
I think those scientists are lying! They're just playing games on those PS3s! LOL
haha I want that job! do you play any videogames at all?
I used to play. Not so much now. The US DoDloves the PS3. It used 1760 of them to build a supercomputer because it was cheaper than the alternative. What was the alternative? PS2s?
haha ya it would take 10,000 of those probably! ya I used to play too, I think it's cool you could play the grand theft auto game disc in a cd player to hear the soundtrack
Changing topics from the mechanical to the biological, did you know that there are  about 20,000,000,000,000,000,000 individual animals on the planet? Humans beings and their Play Stations are such a small part of the living world.
ah I didn't know that, I wonder what kind of videogames other animals would play? haha, I do think it's interesting that in germany animals have legal rights, like I wonder what they are, do they have the right to vote, etc haha
Perhaps they can vote if they have white patches on their foreheads. Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when domesticated. I do not have a white patch on my forehead, yet I feel domesticated. Do you have a white patch? Theres no shame in it these days.
haha let me look in the mirror and check, that is weird, like we have a dog and it is all black with no white patch but what do I know, I'm drinking soda and have the hiccups, I guess that is a leftover from when animals had both gills and lungs apparently
You would still have rights in Germany though, no matter what holdovers from your ancestors.  Under the 1912 Scottish Protection of Animals Act, the Loch Ness monster is a protected species. 
do you think that the Loch Ness monster is real? I want it to be real and a protected animal but to be honest I really really don't think it is haha
The fictional beast has more protections than I do. I'm envious. 
haha, and more protectinos than the dodo bird who went extinct sadly, I didn't know it was a spieces of pigeon actually
The Dodo was not terribly clever. Australia has some weird creatures, like wild birds that can mimic the sounds of cameras, car alarms, and chainsaws. I wonder if they have Australian accents. 
haha good question, I woudl be scared to be walking, then hearing an Austrailian chainsaw, I'd think I was being chased by a murderer only to find it was a harmless bird haha
The bird might steal something from you to build a nest. Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to build and repair their nests. 
haha the spiders need spider police! what is crazy is that a bird's skeleton weighs less than the feathers, I wouldn't have thought that was true
The bones are hollow, which makes them stronger than if they were solid. Sounds funny, I know. How can birds migrate without sleeping? I wish I could do that.
ya I wish I could work while I was sleeping, then I could get paid so much I'd be very productive!
I usually sleep when I'm working, so it's close. Well, enjoy being one of the 20 quintillion animals on the planet!
thanks! Hopefully you don't grow a white patch on your forehead if you ever get domesticated!
Hey have you heard of the video game Fe? it's for all of the latest video game platforms
I have not; what's the objective?
Have you ever played a Metroid game? Apparently this is similar, it's a metroidvania Style game
I'm not familiar; does that refer to an aesthetic style, or type of game?
It's a type of game. Basically you run around a level that's huge and then you come back when you get new abilities to parts that were previously locked off
That sounds stimulating, I imagine there are a lot of animals in the world?
Yes I think so. Even in our world there are about 20 quintillion so I think in the game there must be plenty haha
I wonder if they have constitutionally-guaranteed rights like the ones animals in Germany gained in 2002.
Yes I wonder that too. and what kind of rights do they have? did you hear what hiccups are? Like what they are remnants of
Apparently they're an evolutionary holdover from early land animals that had both gills and lungs. I wonder what the Loch Ness monster would have?
That's a good question! Does the Loch Ness monster have hiccups haha. But it is interesting that Scotland passed a protection act to keep the Loch Ness monster safe back in 1912, do you think it exists?
If it ever was real, it's got to be extinct now. Did you know that the extinct dodo bird was actually a sub-family of pigeon?
No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that animals will develop a white patch on their forehead once they are domesticated
That's interesting--seems like a pretty useless adaptation, though. Some wild birds in Australia have adapted to mimic the sounds of cameras, car alarms, and chainsaws.
That is cool. I wonder if anyone been fooled by them? I also think it's cool that hummingbirds will steal a spider web and make a nest out of it LOL
They are some clever creatures. I wonder how the birds that migrate from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping pull that off? That's a neat trick.
Yes I wish I could stay awake that long. I also wish my bones were Hollow and light because then maybe I could fly haha.
Yes, in most birds the feathers actually weigh more than the entire skeleton. I wonder how much the eggs weigh females down before they lay them?
That's a good question! I wonder if they can even fly if they are full of eggs? On a different topic, do you play any video games? For instance like on the PlayStation
I never got the hang of it, but the technology aspect of it interests me; for example, the DOD used 1,760 PS3's to build a supercomputer.
That's impressive! Especially because it was cheaper then to build an actual supercomputer, also did you know that PlayStation 3s are also used to research black holes?
What are your thoughts on elections?
There good for the people as long as they aren't rigged!!
Well it seems like elections are rigged all the time, I wish we all had the option to vote none of these like in the state of Nevada
I agree, All of the states should have that option!  Its interesting the taller candidate wins most of the time in elections! 75% of the time! lol
That is an interesting fact, 75% of the time no kidding. Ancient Athens had a weird way to appoint their leaders. 
Yes appointing by lottery wouldn't work in this day and age!! lol
It wouldn't, voting is a great way to chose a leader. 
Did you know astronauts vote from space!! No excuse!! lol
No, didn't know about that, well 34% of the black male population in Alabama lost their right to vote. 
That's true. Not all men had to right to vote in the UK until 1918.
So voting has changed a lot over the years we know vote to change the name of a garbage dump.
Poor Fred Durst, who would want the name for a garage dump?
They must hate him a lot in Austin, TX, go through so much trouble. 
Must be? Indian government will set up polling booths in the forest full of lions for a single vote! Who knew?
I guess they take their voters real seriously there sounds like a lot of trouble for a single vote. 
Crazy with lions!! Did you know Queen Elizabeth 2 was pranked called by a radio station pretending to be the prime minister of Canada!
That so funny, I bet she was angry after hearing she was pranked call and I bet the radio station got sued. 
Yes, How would you like to get a silver cup if you live to 100 in Japan?
That would be nice, you would have to get to a hundred years old first but that sounds like a nice detail. 
Yes, but Japan has so many people living to 100, they have to give cheaper cups! lol Good chat!!
Life expectancy is a lot higher over there I guess, its been a great chat thanks a lot.  
Do you think its fair how India is treating prime minister Trudeau?
I'm not sure.  I'm not a fan of Trudeau but Modi should at least greeted him.  Can you see Gandhi doing that?
Gandhi is all about peace and respect so no, not really, I think they should treat him better, he is a visitor from a foreign country and deserves respect
Yeah, the Trudeaus had to go on their tours alone.  They dressed in ethnic Indian clothes but Modi wasn't there.
I guess there is a lot of controversy about this issue, so prime minister, the head of a cabinet, sounds like a really big responsibility
There are reports that this trip is an election thing for Trudeau.  He wants the Sikh vote in Canada.
What are your thought on this? I dont care much about politics really, it seems like Trudeau is a good leader but there are also controversies surrounding him
It's a thing between India wanting Trudeau to distance himself from Sikh separatists and Trudeau wanting their votes.  I really don't have an opinion. Hope they can work it out.
I hope that too, theres an interesting fact about Japan and when you turn 100 the prime minister sends you a silver cup to celebrate it.
Yeah, that's cool.  Meanwhile in Australia, the PM's not even defined in their constitution.
Really how can that be?  the prime minister is the ruler of Australia? 
They just go with it being a "custom". Doesn't seem like a solid foundation for government.  
It seems like a fragile government, its funny how a radio station pranked called Queen Elizabeth II 
Hee.  It's also funny that since 1900, the taller candidate won the presidency 75% of the time.
It is a cool fact, height must influence us in a subconcious level, that sounds like an advantage
I wouldn't know, I'm 5'11".  Did you know astronauts vote from space.  That leaves no excuses for me...
I agree if they can vote from space I guess we also have to do our part, there is a dump in Austin Texas called Fred Durst, that is kind of messed up lol
Yeah, not exactly complimentary... It's sad that the turnout for presidential elections hasn't exceeded around 63% in the last 100 years.
That is sad and thats how we end with a president like Trump. 
I think Trump's done a great job.  Maybe that's why people shouldn't talk about politics.  Let's talk about the Chief Mouser in the UK's PM instead. 
I agree but I respect your opinion thats why democracy exists right?
hello there. do you like to vote? 
Hey. Yes I do. Even astronauts in space vote! How about you?
i was up in space but i forgot to vote. i overslept. oh well. my bad.
Haha I'd say you'd get a pass. Not on Earth though! I wonder why 34% of black men in Alabama have permanently lost the right to vote?
i figure that it has to do with criminal convictions. maybe other stuff that the police trump up. voting is a human right. 
Agreed. I know a law was recently passed to allow certain convicts/criminals the ability to vote.
good. the right should never disappear. few people vote anyway. we need people to vote. the people that dont vote should be criminals.
Semi-agree. People also have the right to choose not to partake. 
in some countries you must vote or you pay a fine. that is the way to make people vote. also you could choose "none of the above" or write in a candidate.
That's why I'm glad to be in America. I wouldn't want to live in a country that "makes" you do things with penalty. 
i dont understand. the ACA still exists. the turnout for elections is low in this country. i would people to vote. what should we do?
Mind your business! haha that's what you do. Worry about yourself and your own. That's the problem with society, everyone is worried about everyone else but themselves. 
ok, i dont follow. people vote for politicians and laws. do you not want that? minding your own business means not voting?
Mind your own business about people who don't choose to vote.
it is not much of a democracy or a representative govt if people dont vote. by not voting they give up power that people fought hard to get. 
So punish them is the answer?
getting people to participate in a democracy is important for democracy. you can call it a punishment, but you can always write in a name of someone else. rights come with responsbilities.
So make counting votes more difficult by forcing people to come in to write ridiculous nonsense? If you make me come in to vote, I'm writing Donald Duck on the line. Even though the turnout hasn't breach 63% in the last years, that's still a good enough turn out to elect an official. 
it wont be more difficult to count votes. it really is not a matte of logistics. you can take pride in not participating in democracy. you will get officials, but will they represent the people?
The votes needed to be counted and recounted last election. Add at a minimum 35% more votes and now you have 100% of the people voting. Not all 100% of the people are sound in mind and values in making a decision like that anyway.
yes, so then who should vote? who should decide who gets to vote? i would not want to say whether you could vote or not. i should not have that power over you. if the vote counting system is flawed, it should be fixed.
You're missing the point. Everyone can vote until they choose not to or lose the right because they are a violent offender.
The prime minister sure has an important job, running a country, being a leader is not easy.
Yeah the prime minister job is to manage the civil service and execite the diretives of the head of state.
Yeah in many systems he also selects many members of the cabinets, the prime minister is the chairman of this cabinet in many systems as well. 
The prime minister of australia position isnt in the constitution. It exists only through custom.
They should change the constitution Japan has a primer minister also and when you turn 100 you will get a congratulation card. 
I heard that they send you a silver cup when you turned 100. So many people were turning 100 that they had to find a wasy to get cheaper cups. Lol.
I think thats a great thing, not everyone makes it to that age,  so what are your thoughts on elections?
I think there is something wrong with us when 2.8 percent voter turnout for the presidential election is ridiculous. It hasnt reached over that number in 100 years.
And thats how Trump got elected lol  there is something wrong I agree also the taller candidate seems to win 75% of the time, looks like we just vote for the taller candidate. 
I dont know about that. There is no way ever I would vote for Hillary. 
I dont know, she seems like a better choice than Trump by no, no offense if you are a Trump fan.
Im not offended. Did you know nevada has a none of these candidates option while voting. Maybe every place should have that and neither one of them would have got elected.
I didnt know that, but 34% of the black male in Alabama lost the right to vote permanently. 
I wonder why that is. Maybe because of felonies for some of them, but that seems like a really high number.
Yeah that seems like a good reason, do you know who Fred Durst is?
Yeah the lead singer of limp biscuit. Right?
Yeah the lead singer well in Austin TX people voted to rename their garbage dump after him, they must really hate him over there. 
Lol that is funny. I was never a big fan but I dont hate him I guess not all men in the UK could vote until 1918much. 
It does seem like a waste of resources though it is funny, and really? I guess that has changed by now. 
It certainly has changed.I think the world is becoming a much more tolerable place.I love it. Well I hop you have a wonderful day.
I agree, its becoming a better place, I hope you have a wonderful day as well, bye. 
Hi, how are you? Are you interested in elections and voting?
Somewhat, I find the ancient elections interesting like the appointment of officials by lottery in Ancient Athens
I think they saw the threat of wealth and small groups dominating government. It created the opportunity for outsiders to enter the fray.
Yea the ancient Athenians believed elections would lead to an oligarchy 
I guess they must have encountered that problem and found their solution for their elections. I wonder what we can do nowadays to alter the nature of election. 
Well Nevada has "none of these candidates" option on their presidential ballots
I think that's a good way to register disgust with the field, but I wonder if there is a way to encourage outsiders to enter without worrying about funding.
I don't think there will be any improvement in the fairness or effectiveness in the US election system anytime soon
Change in the system in the short term is unlikely, but other countries have interesting ways to get people to vote. Those might work here.
Yea it's a shame that International electoral observers are blocked from polls like they were in the US back in 2012
I don't know how that could have happened. I thought they would have the right to observe, but I guess there is no way to prosecute the perpretrators in the US courts.
The laws are messed up, in Alabama 34% of black males have lost the right to vote
I wonder if that has to do with criminal conviction or what. When someone is in prison, I understand that they could lose the right to vote. Afterward, though? Seems like the sentence is over, so the punishment should end.
Probably a mix of that and voting ID laws that prevent 34% of black males in Alabama from voting
Oh, no ID, no vote? Ok. I guess if you have to prove something that is difficult to prove, then effectively you lose the right to vote.  
Yea the US isn't accommodating to voters like other countries. In India they set up a polling booth for a single voter in a forrest
That's astonishing. I guess democracy is taken quite seriously there. I wish it were the case in the US.
Yea, voting isn't that important, voter turnout hasn't breached 62.8% in 100 years
I don't see that changing until voting is mandatory like in Australia. I enjoyed chatting with you. Have a good night!
Well at least in Texas they got to vote the name of the garbage dump to Fred Durst
Well, good night!
Good night
Hello there, are you much of a hockey fan?
I love hockey. What about you?
Yeah I think its cool but I wish I had a hometown team to support. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Columbus Blue Jackets since I'm from Ohio. Did you know Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports. Those are hockey and lacrosse.
I have not heard of them.  No, I didn't know that, very interesting!
A hockey player was traded for $1 back in 1993. He went on to win 4 Stanley Cups.
That is awesome, I wonder what happened to the person in charge that made that trade lol. 
HAHA good question. An ice hockey rink remains under a basketball court when switching stadium sports.
Yeah I think I have seen the time lapse videos they make of them changing it. 
The average hockey player in the NHL will lose up to 8 lbs in one game.
That is impressive, they do wear a ton of heavy stuff and skating around that long is hard to do. 
It's a very tough sport to play and you have to have a ton of endurance.
Yeah you sure do, I have never played actual ice hockey, just roller hockey in the streets as a kid. 
Ice hockey is a lot of fun. Do you like horses?
I do like horses, my aunt does show horses.  How about you?
I love horses. I've ridden them a few times in the past.
I have only gone riding once when I was really young, it was really fun though. 
Icelandic horses have a fifth speed. It's called speedwalking for a horse.
That is pretty cool, I would like to see a video of that. 
That would be cool to see.
Yeah it would, hey it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
Hello, how are you?  What do you think of horses?  Did you know that  horses in iceland have a fifth speed, called tolt?
I think i watched a documentary on them! it was really neat. Do you watch Golf at all?
No I don't.  i have watched a little hockey though.  It's the national sport of Canada.
I love hockey. It's alot of fun to watch. I guess Jimmy Fallon likes alex ovechkin too!
Oh yeah! I think he was on the show with Mike Smith, the jockey of the Justify.
when you were talking horses, did you know all throughbreds can trace their lineage back to one horse?
I didn't know that!  I wonder what it looked like.
maybe it would be on google? The name is Darley Arabian. I should look it up!
Should have known it would have Arabian in it. Those are beautiful horses!  Lipizzaners are too!  Did you know that they are actually born black or brown and it takes up to 6 years before they turn white?
I had no idea! Did you know horses are ticklish! What a thing to know!
No I didn't know that but it's a little funny to think about!  Thinking about hockey from earlier I remembered that there's more than one type of hockey.  Most of the planet thinks of hockey as field hockey whereas Canada and the U.S. think of it as ice hockey.
True! the us hockey team lost to a england high school team!
Are you serious?! That's bad!  Canada is supreme though in hockey. In the first olympic winter games in 1924 they scored 132 goals.
wow! Hockey also only had 1 shared penalty box! Imagine the fights!
True enough!  the game is great exercise though.  players lose a lot of weight during a game.
I imagine in water weight alone! did you know the tshirt was invented on 1904?
I didn't know that.  Was it invented in the U.S.?
I think so. It was invented for bachelors who couldn't sew!
I guess that would make sense!  It's as practical as people in hawaii wearing aloha shirts instead of suits and ties.
Very true! That plain grey shirt that zuckerburg wears? $300. I should introduce him to hanes!
I know that's right!  Hey, did you know that polo shirts were actually invented for tennis?
I did know that! Really weird, but yes! Did you know that sunlight determines the length of horses hair?
Hello! Are you a hockey fan?
To be honest I am not but my boyfriend is a huge hockey fan.  All I know about hockey is that an ice ring remains under basketball courts when switching stadium sports.  
Yes that is interesting! I can't believe Canada scored 132 goals during the first winter olympics!
That is an insane amount of goals.  I believe Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports lacrosse and ice hockey.
Two totally different sports in a sense! I think I should play some hockey to lose weight. Most people lose 8 lbs while playing it.
Hockey is physically demanding so I believe you can lose that much weight.  I am more into fashion.  Did you know that polo shirts were invented for tennis and then later adopted by polo players?
I didn't know that but totally believe it! Clothing did come a long way though. The whole popping collars thing started in China!
That is right!  During the cultural revolution gang fashion involved layering as many shirts as you could.  
I think the most I could do is three lol. That isn't for me for sure! I wish I lived in Hawaii though when it came to fashion.
Oh I believe you're talking about the official business and office attire in hawaii is the aloha shirt instead of the suit and tie, right?
I am! I wish I saw Billy May's funeral possession to see those blue shirts and khaki pants!
A very relaxed feel for a funeral indeed!  Do you know the difference between a button down and a button up?
I do! I'm more of a button up guy!
Another passion of mine is riding horses.  Have you ever rode a horse?
I actually did once in the Rocky Mountains haha it was so much fun! I didn't realize Dalmatians calmed down horse at fire stations back then.
I wonder why they're able to calm a horse.  I rode my horse to school one time with my father's blessing of course.  Unlike two high school students who rode their horses to school and got suspended for it.  
That would have been a sight to see! I used to see people drive their tractors to school where I am from lol.
It was so much fun.  I am sure riding tractors is fun too.  I can't go near horses too much because of my allergies.  Clint Eastwood had a mid life allergy to horses.  It's a shame because he was horse back riding in many of his movies.  
I think he used to always ride them in movies too haha. I wonder if they could speed walk like Icelandic horses can.
Icelandic horses are so interesting.  Lipizzaner horses are cool too because they are born black or brown and it takes about six years for them to turn completely white.
That is an awesome fact! Well have a great night!
hey there, do you like horses?
Hey there, or should I say, HAY there? I like horses, but not shoveling horse @#$#. I also have an allergy to horsehair, like by idol, Clint Eastwood. Are you an equine fancier?
I am indeed, I really like horses. Did you know that in Iceland horses have a fifth speed which is speedwalking.
Icelandic? Isn't that the same area of the globe that gave us speed skating? Do the horses have to wear those skin-tight outfits too?
hahha that would be funny and uncomfortable. Hopefully they get to hang out with dalmatians there
If one dalmatian is known to calm the horse, are 101 Dalmatians even more relaxing? Not from my experience... 
yeah I guess they have that power over horses. good for them.
You know, I just learned that Lipizzaner horses are born balck or brown, and then turn white over a number of years. Kind of like me. I always told my wife I was a special breed. I just didn't realize I had Lipizzaner in my genes...
hahhaa that is funny. two students were suspended for riding horses to school once.
The horses were still allowed to attend classes though. They were members of the Polo team. Did you know that Polo shirts were originally designed for tennis players?
I think Rene Lacoste made them popular in tennis
I prefer the authentic business attire of Hawaii: the Aloha shirt. 
Yes me too. Much better than a suit and tie, those are not comfy
Neigther are the button down collared shirts. Give me no collar or no shirt!
yeah true. did you know why they wore  them in china, the collar ones?
Oh how interesting, do you know why?
gangs apparently wore multiple shirts and popped the collars
Nice bit of trivia that one. Here's another: the average professional hockey player will lose 8 lbs in one game.
wowww that is amazing. do you know who is that hockey player that was traded for $1 and won four stanelys?
No. But he was likely from Canada. Hockey is a national sport there. 
Yeah and Canada is the only country int he world with two national sports, the other being lacrosse
They get to have two official (winter) sports because they don't have a summer. Nice chatting with you!
Hi, how are you?
Good. Have you seen Wonder Woman? Patty Jenkins did a pretty good job directing it
Yeah, I really liked it. I thought it added something to the DC space.
Yea, I really enjoyed Gal Gadot's performance, she was a great choice
I agree. I think she was the perfect fit. Having someone more famous would have taken away from the movie and placed it on them.
I'm surprised how good it was considering Zack Snyder was one of the story writers
What else did he do? I feel like he bombed some stuff. Superman?
He did Superman and Batman v Superman which was Wonder Woman's first film apperance
B vs S was terrible, wasn't it? Well... it was panned by the critics. I went in thinking it was going to suck and it was ok...
It was alright, they tried to cram too much stuff in it. Wonder Woman did a better job with all the characters and only focused on World War I mostly
did you see the most recent Marvel movie? With thanos...
Yea I saw it on Netflix recently, I think Thanos was a better villain than David Thewlis was in Wonder Woman
I haven't had a chance to see it yet so I will look into it this weekend. Any other suggestions?
I heard Kung Fu Hustle was funny, Bill Murray really enjoyed it
HA! I looked it up on Netflix and saw Solo was out now too. It's supposed to snow this weekend so I am all for Netflix
If you ever heard of bromantic comedies the Harold and Kumar movies are really funny
Yeah. I loved the first one. Was there a second one? I think I saw that one and wasn't impressed with it...
There are 3 Harold and Kumar movies, I saw the first two and some of the third one when it was on tv a couple months ago
Nice. I also need to check out the second super troopers...
Yea me too. Pineapple express is another funny movie if you've never seen it
I have seen it, great! Nice chatting with you!
Cool, hope you find some good movies
Later...
Hello how are you doing?  Did you watch Wonder Woman? Not only is wonder woman the highest-grossing superhero origin movie, it is also the highest-grossing wwi movie
Wow, I didn't know that.  No, I didn't see it but would like to though.  I heard Gal Gadot is good. 
It is a great movie!  Gal gadot, the new wonder woman, served two years as a soldier in the israel defense forces.
That is awesome! I guess she didn't even know she was auditioning for that part, she thought she way trying out for a catwoman role. 
yeah lol When wonder woman first appeared as a member of the justice society in 1941, the group made her their secretary.
That is funny, did you know 2017 had the 3 highest grossing movies, and they were starring females?
That is an awesome fact!  
Yeah, sorry my grammar was a bit off, but yeah very cool.  I didn't know Chris Pine was in the movie as well. 
Yeah I think I remember him being in it. 
Are you a fan of comedy movies?  I love 80's comedies myself, well and 90's and so on I guess. 
I love comedy movies as well! 
Nice!  I guess the hangover is considered a bromantic comedy. 
lol that was a great movie! Demetri martin was accepted into harvard law, but left out of boredom to pursue a career in comedy
That is an interesting fact.  On that not Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a comedy career. 
He is so good on that show "Whose LIne Is It Anyway"
Yeah he really is, I used to watch that show all the time. 
3rd rock from the sun won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997, beating seinfeld, friends, and frasier.
That is some strong competition.  Seinfeld is one of my favorites and still is. 
Friends is probably my favorite out of those. 
That is a good one as well.  I like Always Sunny in Philly now as a good comedy. 
That is a hilarious show! anyways good talking to you 
did you see the wonder woman movie?
I did and thought it was great and you?
me too. It is the highest grossing superhero origin movie

Yes and also the highest grossing WWII movie
Nice. Also 2017 was the first year that had highest grossing movies with female leads
Yeah and that is since 1958 so a long time really
Yes. Gal Gadot was in the Israeli defense forces prior to that
I am sure that must have helped with the role
I bet but she did not know she was auditioning for women women when she showed up
Yes she thought she was auditioning for Catwoman
Yeah. Do you know what her role was when she first became a member of the justice society?
Yes she was the secretary when he joined them
yeah. DO you like comedy?
I love it. Did  you know Demetri Martin dropped out of Harvard to become a comedian?
Same with Ryan Stiles , he dropped out of high school
Yes but overall, they both did really well so no regrets there
True. Do you know which movie Bil MUrray thinks is the funniest?

Yes that would be Kung Fu Hustle, I do not see it how though
Me either. Do you like 3rd rock from the sun?
Yes it won a golden globe beating shows like Friend to it. Nice chatting with you
Same here, have a good one
Hi, have you read Lucifer?
No, I haven't , it sounds a little scary?
Right? I am not a big fan of scary for fun.
I do like comic books and spider-man though! How about you?
I do like superheros so yes. Although I havent opened a comic book in years.
Did you know Michigan State library has the worlds largest collection of comic books? Who knew?
That is a weird thing for them to have. I would think LA or something that has ore to do with comics. DC means Detective Comics.
I was surprised too of all places! I didn't know that Google purchased the name gmail.com from Garfield comics. I love Garfield and the gang! lol
Really? That's weird. Why did garfield have it?
Did you know MJ tried to buy Marvel comics in the early 1990's?
MJ? Michael Jackson? 

Yes, So he could play spider-man in his own produced movie. I' m sure would have been a winner!
Anytime I'm down, I think of him setting his head on fire in that pepsi commercial and it brings a smile to my face!
lol, I know that was something! He's getting pretty bad press on the latest movie.  I haven't seen it yet. I think it will be upsetting. Speaking of fires, like Eddie Van Halen's speakers when he played Beat it! 
I can't do voluntary sadness, especially since I had two kids. I heard that movie was disturbing. Have you seen the other movie on Netflix where parents let their kids stay with like a 40 year old?
NO, sound irresponsible , these poor children!! I agree with the voluntary sadness. But we need to know whatever the truth is. If we even really get the truth at times! Do you like animals? I'm not surprised they have a dominant side like humans with their paws.
I do like animals. I live with 2 cats; Im not a fan but love dogs!
I have two Garfield cats. I love them to bits!! I have a dog also, love them all! I like the idea of having a lawyer to represent animals like they do in Switzerland!
Doesn't Germany give them full constitutional rights?
I'm not sure? If so that's great! I think I heard something about that? 
It was great chatting with you!
Seventy-five million dollars is a lot of money for a film, wouldn't you say?
It is quite a bit. That can easily be made up at office if it is good though.
Well, anything having to do with Marvel usually goes over big!
So true! Shockingly Marvel sold almost all of its characters for only 25 million! Considering how much that is worth now thats crazy
Yah, and I can't believe Sony rejected all but Spiderman!
Spiderman has had such a weird run though. All those reboots and the broadway play that failed
True.  They have gotten a lot of mileage out of Spiderman.
Certainly. They must have run out of ideas because they made Cap'n Crunch battle him.
So funny!  LOL!  Bottom of the barrell, ya think?
Just a little bit. I'm sure that was during the 90s superhero slump
What do you think about "Lucifer" that Mike Carey wrote?
I haven't read the comic book but I am super interested in his new book Someone Like Me.
Yah. Everyone likes ghost stories, right?
I love horror and ghost stuff. This seems like a really interesting take on ghost stories too
"Lucifer" tho, was one of his best selling comics.
True. That and Hellblazer both seem interesting.
Carey's main deal is novels, surprisingly instead of comics.
Yeah I would guess comics because that seems to be where he started but his novels seem very popular too
I think the success of "The Girl With All The Gifts" is because a lot of people actually go through that.
I'm sure he'll have a lot of success just like Neil Gaiman did
"Someone like me" is so real also because abuse is so real in this world.
Very true. I'm also interested
I read about soundtrack, poems, and elections
me too.  I didn't know that Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the Jaws soundtrack! 
I know, and the info about daft punk discussing the tron soundtrack over pancakes while suited up blew my mind.
And how about Phil Collins recording in five languages the Tarzan soundtrack, that is amazing.  I wish I knew more than one language.
I was equally amazed to learn that the japanese alphabet forms a poem
I write poetry myself.  And I have read the poem that is depressing reading forward yet inspiring when read backwards, it was all over facebook.
I write poetry too. I had no idea it went back so far. 
Yeah, I find poetry to be a great outlet for my feelings.  Did you see that Edgar Allan Poe only got $9 for The Raven.  Though I am sure back in that day $9 was a lot.
it might have been worth a bit more, but I don't think money was ever worth even 10x more than it is today
I love the Raven, that and the tell tale heart.  Poe is genius.
Yes, when I originally read the Tell Tale heart in middle school my young mind was blown. Can you imagine winning an election by lottery that you didn't even want to be part of?
Oh I know that would be insane. I cannot believe that they didn't believe in elections.
It makes sense to me. I think they were on to something with their fear of oligarchy.
Yeah but what if the person elected didn't want to be in charge?  Nevada is awesome with the "none of these" options on ballots. I think all ballots should have that option.
How about 75% of taller candidates winning all elections? I found that bit particularly fascinating 
I think taller people look more trustworthy and powerful.
I wonder what an "international electoral observer" is. I've never heard of that...
I have never heard of an "international electoral observer" either.  Is that a person in a different country who is observing our elections here?
That's what I would think, but I never learned about such a thing in Civics class or anything. 
I haven't either.  
Overall, I learned a lot that I didn't already know
Hey have you heard of the documentary Monrovia, Indiana?
No, I have not. Is it good? Why is there a documentary about Monrovia? 
Haha well it's about small-town America and it does sound pretty boring, it takes place in a town that has only a 1400 person population
They are being punished? Why do they live there? No choice? What is the movie about?
They're not being punished it's just looking at their lives in the aftermath of the 2016 election, I don't know it doesn't really interest me, what do you think about elections in general though?
I think that the people in Monrovia probably voted for Trump. Did they? I expect they did.
Yeah I think that's what it sounds like. Did you know that in ancient Athens they would do a lottery instead of a direct vote for their leaders?
I would buy many lottery tickets then to win the leadership. I wonder how many tickets it would take.
Well I would at least help with voter turnout I think, it's shocking that the United States has maxed out at around 63% for presidential elections
I think that they cannot make money when they vote. If they get money, then they would vote.
Yeah that is possible. there should be a day where you don't have to work and that is the day that voting takes place, what do you think about the Nevada option to vote for"none of the candidates"
I think that every election should have such a choice. I would then run as "None of the candidates" and get elected. I would win!
Haha that's a good idea! Why do you think that International observers were blocked from looking at polling locations in 9 US states?
I think that the international observers were planning to get in the way of something and Americans weren't going to stand for it. Why were they there anyway?
I guess they just look at the elections make sure they're fair. But I don't know why they would not have been allowed. It's interesting that democracy has been the way to elect most politicians and most of the Civilized country since about the 17th century
I guess that democracy could work if there were a lottery for people like me. A random person could get chosed to be the president, they wouldn't have to run or nothing, just wait till their number got called and bam! President!
Haha that would make a great reality show I think. by the way, do you ever read poetry
I do not read poetry as a rule because it runs counter to my orientation.
Haha well I don't really like poetry either, but I do like Edgar Allan Poe's poem The Raven, unfortunately he only got $9 for writing it
He probably should have worked on his penmanship and then he would have got more money for the poem. Anyway, I have to run. I have to go to my poetry reading.
Haha I will make sure to read Demetri Martin palindrome poem, it only has 224 words
Did you know taht in ancient athens they did a lottery to appoint their leaders?
I heard that! It was to avoid oligarchy, kind of like the problem we have now in the US. Power is in the hands of the few!
that is true, what is weird is taht in 2012 international election officials were blocked from the polls in 9 states
I think it's strange that observers can't watch an election in the US. What were they hiding there? Probably something fishy like fraud. Shades of the 2000 election.
ya I don't like that at all, but elections are crazy, since 1900 the tallest candidate has always won at least 75% of the time
That could explain why Trump got elected. Maybe the Dems should choose an NBA player. Then the odds would be better.
haha not a bad idea! I also like Nevada's idea of giving a "none" option when voting in their elections
When the voters are so disgusted with their options, they can show their disapproval. I like it. I think that this next election is going to be interesting. Many Dems have already declared candidacy. I don't know who's tall enough to win though.
haha yes that is how they should pick, just choose the tallest one! do you like poetry at all?
I'm not a big fan of poetry, but I envy those who can write it. 
well I envy edgar allen poe, but not the fact that he only got nine dollars for publishing The Raven
Nine dollars? I guess the guy must have had a side job teaching or something to support himself. $9 doesn't buy enough booze for a poet. The Javanese alphabet forms a poem. I wonder if that's like the ABC song.
that is interesting, I do like the lord of the rings and apparently all of the hobbits names were taken from an old icelandic poem
That sounds like something Tolkein would do. He loved language, especially dead ones. Frodo, Bilbo. Hm They sound Icelandic.
ya you're right, I shoudl read that poem, I think it's called dvergatal but I don't know how thats pronounced haha
I want to read the poem that is depressing read forward, but inspiring read backward. Sounds quite clever.
ya I wonder how that works, kind of like how each track of batman begins is named after a bat, like what kind of bat names haha?
It sounds like an odd choice. I guess it's for bat-nerds. I didn't know that Spielberg could play the clarinet. I wonder if he got royalties for playing on the Jaws soundtrack.
haha I bet he does, I did like o brother where art thou, I guess that soundtrack was certified platinum not once but 8 times
George Clooney lip-syncs to the track. He can't really sing, though his aunt can. The film is a lot of fun, though I don't think it won any awards.
ya that movie is under appreciated, I like all of the Coen brothers movie personally, what about you?
Do you like watching documentaries?
I do. Did you see the new one from Frederick Wiseman about small town America?
I haven't seen it, but it seems like it puts an interesting focus on small town America.
Yes. He is a great documentarist. I wonder if it will cause any controversy seeing as its about politics and religion.
They might, but it's good that he tries to be object, and free of any agendas.
I like that is shows civic life and he doesn't probe the people who live there. He does not interview them.
I like how he takes things into perspective that I would never see if I were passing through those towns.
Same here. Do you like listening to soundtracks?
I don't really, unless while watching a movie. What about you?
Sometimes. Did you know Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack?
No, I did not know that. Phil Collins also recorded the Tarzan soundtrack in five different languages. I have heard the English and Spanish versions.
That is cool. The O'brother, where art thou? soundtrack is certified 8 times platinum.
It must be good then! I'll have to check it out.
It is good. Each of the track titles on the "batman begins" soundtrack is the name of a genus or family of bat
That's cool. Wiseman's documentary was compared to poetry. It's interesting how poetry has evolved. It has been around since 25th century BCE, the Pyramid Texts
Poetry is great. It lets people express themselves. Edgar Allen Poe only received $9 for his poem "The Raven"
Wow, that seems kind of sad. I'm interested to check out Demtri Martin's poem as it has 224 palindromes. I wonder if it even makes sense!
It would be interesting to read. the Javanese alphabet  forms a poem if recited in order.
Hmm, I wonder what that means, exactly. I will have to check that out.
another interesting thing for me to learn is stuff about elections.
Apparently the concept of elections was around in Ancient Athens but they thought that elections would lead to an oligarchy so they used a lottery instead.
Hi, how are you?
I am good. Do you like to read fiction?
I prefer non-fiction but I do read fiction. Do you enjoy reading it?
I try to read a little bit of every genre. The longest piece of fiction written is a 4 million word Super Smash Bros Brawl fan fiction. I'm not sure I would have the patience to read through it all.
I know I do not have the patience to read it. Could you write that much?
I do not think so. I think I would have a better chance of writing a drabble, a work of fiction that is exactly 100 words long.
Did you ever read L. Ron Hubbard? My dad had all the books but I never read them.
I have not. I do know his work is based on the belief of Scientology where as others view it as science fiction.
Didn't he create the religion?
I cannot say. I am not familiar with his works. I know a bit more about science fiction films. I have seen films ranging from A Space Odyssey to Star Wars.
I was just watching the last jedi on the treadmill today! What's your favorite movie?
I have so many favorites and a huge appreciation for films. I really did enjoy the movie the Fifth Element. It came out the same year as Contact, Gattaca, Men in Black and Starship Troopers. Have you seen any of those films?
I saw starship troopers and thought it was ok. Also saw men in black. Went to that ride in Universal too!
That is so fun! I am not a big fan of horror films are you? ET was supposed to be a horror move, I am very glad it was not.
I am not either. I get too scared! Although if I knew you could burn calories watching it, I may change my mind!
There wasn't a single person involved in filming the original Exorcist that thought it was a horror film. I have a very different view as an audience member!
I have never seen that movie. I won't watch it. Seems really scary to me. 
You are smart. Stick with movies like inception that was supposed to be a horror film but evolved into a heist film.
As you say Im smart, you choose the one movie I cannot follow along with. I guess I am not that smart...
Yes you are. You helped me learn a lot about fiction today. Thanks for chatting!
Ditto! Have a great day!
Hello, what kind of movies do you like?
I like comedy and some science fiction. How about you?
What kind of comedy do you like? Speaking of science fiction, did you know that Nasa has their space vocabulary in science fiction.
Just anything that I can relax and take my mind off things with. Interesting, they also have named Gattaca as the most accurate science fiction film of all time. Have you watched it?
Do you have a favorite comedian? Gattaca? That sounds like a Star Wars movie.
I am not really into favorite actors and such, no. how about you? Speaking of accurate science fiction, some people really take that type of thing seriously. You can get an MIT science fiction society membership that covers you in case you die and come back to life.
You should check out Jokoy! He is a funny guy! That is interesting.
Oh yeah? I haven't heard of him. An actor I have heard of is Deep Roy. He is the only actor to have appeared in Star Wars, Star Trek, Doctor Who. He has also been in X-Files, Neverending Story, and Transformers.
He's a filipino comedian. Wow, I do not even recognize him.
I know, I don't either but I just know that he's been in all those films! Do you like science fiction at all? Fan conventions are very lucrative for science fiction stars. They can make more than $100,000 per weekend signing autographs and taking pictures.
I do not like science fiction at all. The only thing about it that I like is Star Wars. That is crazy. I want to be famous.
Haha, right? Well, science fiction has been popular since the era of silent cinema!
Isn't there another Star Wars movie coming up?
I am not sure. Is there? I am looking forward to watching Lego Movie 2, haha!
I almost forgot about the Lego movie! Now I'm looking forward to it.
Yeah, because EVERYTHING IS AWESOME! Haha! I would much rather watching The Lego Movie 2 than horror movies. What about you, do you like horror movies
I played Star Wars Lego Game on the Gamecube. I only like It.
If you watch horror movies, you can burn up to 180 calories! Should that be my new exercise plan?
Is it because of the screams? Did you know that you lose 20 calories when you laugh?
I did not know that! I will try to laugh more often!
Get in the positive vibe! It was nice chatting with you.
Are you a fan of ficton? 
Yes, I like fiction. I like science fiction too.
Did you know there is a wiki that ranks fictional characters? 
I haven't heard of that. Sounds interesting. I wonder how they rank them. 
It does, they rank them by their powers and abilities. Pretty cool, huh? 
That is cool. Did you know that in the 1950s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character?
No, really? That's sort of weird. Apparently Julius Caesar wrote fiction too. 
He was a thoughtful and ambitious ruler. And he conquered a vast swath of the world as well. I wonder what he wrote about.
That he was. I think it wasa about Hercules and Oedipus, ever heard of them? 
Yes, that is interesting. I would expect Hercules, but Oedipus? Hm. Maybe he had some odd interests.
What about science fiction, do you follow it? 
I read it when I was younger. I liked Asimov. I don't read much now.
I read a book by Asimov, he was pretty good. 
He wrote the Foundation series. He was a prolific writer. Loved to grind out prose. 
Did you know NASA named Gattaca as the most accurate science fiction film? 
I saw that film a while ago. Accurate? In what way? I think that it's scary to think that we'll all get engineered and nothing will be natural.
I'm not sure, I've seen it too. I don't believe that statement at all. LOL
Yeah, some of the facts floating around seem a bit sketchy. I do believe that NANA has a list of accurate space technology terms that writers can use in science fiction stories. That would be easy to do.
What about horror films, do you watch them? 
I like a couple of them. The Exorcist. The Omen. The Shining.
I'm not a huge fan, but when I was younger I liked them. 
Do you like Nike products?
I have a few pair of Nike shoes as well as Nike running shorts. I am aware of the backlash Nike has been receiving as of late but I still prefer to be comfortable despite what the label may host.
Yeah?  But I think they exploit things?  $515 for a wind breaker and $229 for a mesh shirt designed by Mathew Williams that they possibly had made in china by some sweat shops!  I think those are ridiculous prices!
I agree the pricing is crazy but people will pay that for a look they wish to achieve despite the fact that the article of clothing at hand may be of gang relations or just a simple shirt made to cover one's torso.
yeah.. for sure!  I guess i can't blame nike... so they are just trying to make a profit!  Just seems like the exploitation of young people that adore the brand thats all
I agree with that as well. It seems the next big fad is around the corner and any brand out there is at risk of shaming if not liked by many. I just feel I would rather have a simple polo shirt I can wash and wear not costing me an arm and a leg so I can purchase more than one color. I prefer the simple things.
The simple things... i like that!  i wonder why rip curl has their clothes made in north korea but the label states made in china?  LOL  Geez!
I would think maybe a component of each article may be made in China and finished product in North Korea, still uncertain as to why though. I have heard of an interesting place that sells thing lost from air ports in Alabama and think it would be cool to visit. 
yeah that would be really cool! What is a collar gap?
Collar Gap is a term used by high end clothing makers to determine the spacing on a shirt collar that has buttons or space between them.
oh... interesting... would of never even thought of that!  See your simple polo shirt was actually invented for tennis?
I am aware of that yes! I believe that from need comes product being that inventions form from products being needed and not available. For example, certain attire comes from the need of a professional wanting to look the part or a person needing to relax comfortably wears a t-shirt.
I wanna work in hawaii so i don't have to wear suit and tie!
I feel Hawaii would be a great place to work as well as experience the cultural differences available. I do think however clothing would need to protect one from the elements there on a full time basis as Hawaii does not experience the extreme differences in weather seasons as we do here on the main land.
That's true, but i wonder if them wearing aloha shirts comes from comfort or tradition?
I feel it would be a part of both aspects. One looking for comfort from the heat elements of the area they are in as well as be somewhat fashionably forward with the time in question, moreover; protecting one from environmental elements.
So, how many polo shirts you have?
I have a few on hand but being in the professional field I am in I seldom have the chance to wear them. I for certain prefer the simple comforts but forced to uphold the professional look for my field.
yeah, being a professional and upholding the look is not comfortable and cheap either!
Agreed! I find I look at clothing as a needed expense it can at times make or break one depending on the situation at hand. 
yep... well great chat... have a good one!
Do you like clothing? 
I usually prefer it to being nude. Do you like clothing?
Yeah, I wear it. Did you know apple had a clothing line in 1986? 
I wonder how fashionable that was... Pilgrims were fashionable, wearing colorful clothes.
yeah, apparently the black and white was only for formal dress. Who knew? 
They get a bad rap then. All the moview portray them as dull.
Yeah, I agree. What about shirts, do you like them? 
I am for em! Who doesn't like a cloth garment for the upper body?
I personally like polo shirts. Know anything about them? 
yes, They were invented by a tennis player. Do you know who?
I think it was Rene Lacoste? 
Yes, I can see the connections. His nickname was the Crocodile. Guess what their logo is.
A crocodile? They are expensive, that is for sure. LOL I personally like Ralph Lauren.
That's right. Lacoste is the name of the clothing line too. Ralph Lauren doesn't fit me right.
Interesting. I have a similar problem with Ralph Lauren, even if I get slim fit, it seems baggy. 
I am not sure if you have been 6'6" before but nothing fits us.
Nope, 5'10". They have the big and tall, but I suspect that it doesn't work out so well. 
No. They do not take the same caare for big and tall. The shirts usually end up a big mess of a shirt, the top half too small and lower half too big. Big men problems!
Yup, before the internet was the rage the problem I had was finding my size. Everyone wears it. 
Too common so it was never in stock?
Yeah, so you always had to get the wrong size. LOL Well, nice chatting!
Ditto. Have a great day!
do you like comedy?
I love is. DId you know Drew Carey served 8 years in the military?
Wow cool. Do you like Kug Fu Hustle?
Yeah I have seen it. Carey used to tell jokes in the military and is how he got started
Haha that is awesome. Bill Murray thinks that is the funniest movie
Wow ok, not sure about that. Do you know what slipping on a banana peel was a reference to?
Hmm I have not idea, what? DId you know Green Lanters was supposed to be a comedy?
It was in reference to slipping in horse manure. Really a comedy?
Haha that is awesome. Yeah and starring Jack Black
WOw that would have been a very different movie then
True, Do you like Shakespeare?
I sure do. Did you know he intentionally made mistakes in grammar in his plays?
Cool, did he have a reason for that?
Yes, do that he would get the attention of the audience
Wow that is creative. Did you know he lived at the same time as Pocahontas
Wow, that is amazing. Do you know why the starlings exist in the US?
Hmmm there is a specific reason for that?
Yes, one guy wanted to introduce all the birds that were ever mentioned in shakespeare's plays
WOw. DO you like Meryl Streep?
I love her. DO you know her first role was in a sports movie?
Nice, that is strange though a bit
How's it going, do you watch comedy? I enjoy satire myself
Yeah I enjoy comedy, to think it has roots that go all the way back to the Greeks, funny genre indeed. 
I've heard Kung Fu Hustle is really funny, at least Bill Murray seems to think so
That movie is so funny, you should watch it, did you ever watch the channel Comedy Central?
Yea,Comedy Central has cancelled so many shows I found funny
Yeah that made me real mad, 100 shows in total since its creation in 1989
Yea, that averages out to 3 shows cancelled by comedy central a year
That is a lot of them do you know the British comedy group Monty Python?
Yea, the creator of python programming named the language in honor of them
I thought it was a funny group, do you like William Shakespeare?
Yea, Shakespeare was really talented, he created 39 plays and 154 sonnets
Yeah talent like that one only comes once in a life time, did you know he was alive at the same time as Pokahontas?
Makes sense, Shakespeare was born around 1564
Yeah and died in the year 1616, he was a great poet, actor, writer and his plays have been translated into many languages.
Plus Shakespeare coined the phrases "good riddance" and "Laughing Stock" too
He also invented popular names we use to this day like Olivia, Jessica and Miranda. He sure had a big impact in our culture. 
It's pretty crazy that Andre Tchaikowsky donated his skull to the royal Shakespeare company in order for it to be used as a prop
That is cool, his skull is really famous I guess it was used in a series of performances of the famous play Hamlet. 
Yea, I wonder how many Shakespeare works Meryl Streep has been in, she's a great actress and has been nominated for 18 oscars
18 Oscars, woah thats a lot of them, I wonder how many times she won the award. 
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
good morning to you!
Good Morning!  Do you like Comedy!
i love it! everyone needs a good laugh every now and then. how about you?
I am a fan, I love to laugh!  I love stuff on comedy central, especially when they have specials.
oh me too. Have you seen Kung Fu Hustle before?
I havent, you?  Bill Murray thinks it is special.
 i have and it wasnt all that great! I dont know why Bill thinks it was a monumental achievment!
Really, maybe I dont need to see it then.
I would suggest not! just like the Green Lantern film. I think that one would have been better if they had stuck with Jack Black
It would have been a totally a different movie.  Jack Black is hilarious.
I love his movies, hes one of my favorite comedic actors for sure
How did you feel about 3rd Rock
3rd Rock From the Sun? the TV show?
Yeah it won golden globes in 97
what! no way! I was never a huge fan of that show. More of Friends and Seinfeld fan myself
Same here.  So much funnier.  Friends is classic.  PIVOT!
"WE WERE ON A BREAK"
HA! That is the best
love it. did you know Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows? that really goes to show that a good comedy TV show is hard to come by
It is, although about 3-4 a year is what they cancel.  So over time it all adds up.
oh yea i guess thats less absurd haha. well i'm going to go watch some Friends, good chatting with you!
Hi, how are you this afternoon?
Good. You?  I'm watching an old Meryl Streep movie...
I'm good, thanks for asking.  I like Meryl Street, I think she's a good actress.
Did you see her in The Deer Hunter?  She got an Academy award nomination for that.
No, I didn't see her in that.  I remember her in Devil wears Prada.
Yes, nice!  She earned a best supporting actress award in Kramer vs. Kramer. Did you see her is that?
Yes, I saw that one.  She has so many!  Hard to believe her first film role was a sports movie.
I never saw it.  She probably got nominated for that too. After all, she is the most nominated actress ever with like 18 nods. That's more noms than most actresses get roles in their lifetime!
I hear ya!  Very surprising that although she got nominated so many times, she has only won 3 times.
Tough business. It was nice to see he and Stanley Tucci reunite in Julie and Julia!  Their performances made me hungry!
I saw that one too, they were awesome in it.
Yeah, and since Tucci is an excellent cook, he made Streep cook for him in preparation for the role as the famous Julia Childs. 
That's cool!
I wonder what kind of preparation she did for her role in Holocaust which earned her an Emmy?
IDK, it was probably something very intense.  I'm sure.
Do you know what producer Dino de Laurentis said after she auditioned for a role in King Kong?
I heard he said in Italian that she was ugly. But, was shocked when she replied back to his insult in fluent Italian.  How funny!
Nice. I bet he wishes he could eat those words!  She has even been nominated for 15 British Academy Awards, which is insane considering the amount of British talent that had to be overlooked.
That's so true. On a different note, do you like Shakespeare?
It used to be my nickname!  Not because I am as old as Shakespeare... since he was alive during the time of Pocahontas, which is a little older than I. What's your take on SHakespeare?
I love his works.  Was shocked to find out that he invented the names, Miranda, Jessica, and Olivia.  How cool!
That is nice. And they are so popular still today!  On the other hand, nobody is named "Yorick" anymore!  Did you know that Tchaikowsky donated his skull to the royal shakespeare theatre in hope of having it used as a prop one day for Yorick?
That's very strange indeed.  Well it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon.  Hope you enjoy the rest of your day, friend.
I hear Nike got in trouble for selling a balaclava.
I heard about that. Critics said the design perpetuated violence  with stereotypes  of black youth and gang culture. That's sad!
I just thought they were ski masks for using in the cold and snow.
I agree the company wasn't encouraging the issue of gang or criminal culture. But it's like everyone has to be careful with what they say, do or release these days.
I thinks more offensive that it sells for $92.  Probably cost $1 to make. Just because it's got a designer label they can charge that much
So true. So very, very true. The cost is so ridiculous! Also, I didn't agree with that Facebook video that was shared 38,000 times either where the guy claimed the item "looks as menacing as anything I've ever seen". 
It just takes one statement to get forwarded to create a scandal.  There seem more important things going on in the world to get worked up about.
So true. I mean, I doubt the pilgrims ever got worked up over any of their wardrobe and it was always full of color!
I've never worried too much about clothing, probably about as much as the pilgrims did.  My wardrobe is pretty basic, based on cost as anything else.
So true. I wonder what kind of wardrobe we could find in that Alabama store that sells only clothes and cameras found in unclaimed baggage at airports.
I think that's maybe where I do draw the line.  I'd sooner it new than second hand.  Some of my shirts are getting a little worn, maybe I should get a couple of new ones
Same here! I need to find a new button down. Crazy how they call it a button down because the collar tip fastens to the body of the shirt where button up does not!
We should move to Hawaii.  If not for the aloha shirt then for the sun and sea!
Ha! So true. Must be nice never having to wear a suit and tie - especially when it's hot out. That sounds so much more convenient! On a related note, the pallbearers at Billy Mays' funeral didn't wear a suit and tie either, they wore khakis and blue shirts! Ha!
If that's what you what then fine.  I'd love to go to one of those fancy functions like the Academy awards in a t-shirt and shorts.
No kidding! Are you a fan of Apple by chance? They actually had their own clothing line back in 1986. Wonder what that was like?
If I worked there I'd feel obliged to wear it.  Yeah, I wonder what it looks like, I bet it's not a $229 Nike mesh shirt with chest pouch.
That's the truth. I bet Nike products cost more than smaller dinosaur fossils. Or that glow in the dark dinosaur coin that Canada has!
I'm still waiting for scientists to make dinosaurs come back like Jurassic Park.  Then humans could live side by side with them
I mean, they've managed to genetically alter chickens to express the DNA their dino ancestors had, so anything is possible!
It'll happen one day, then we could all have a pet T-Rex.
So true. Ha! Crazy to think dinosaurs were mesothermic, in between warm and cold blooded. Must have been nice! 
Hi, do you like fiction?
I like some.  I have read a lot of science fiction like Asimov's "I Robot." 
Cool. Do you know who wrote the oldest cyborg in fiction?
Not sure.  I do know that I was taught Asimov's 3 Laws of Robotics in a robotics course I took in college. 
Wow that is amazing. NASA apparently has a list of words that writers can use?
Cool.  
Oh that is sad. Do you know which actor holds the science fiction trifecta?
Again, not sure.  I was surprised the L. Rob Hubbard was a sci-fi author.  He's in the book "The Golden Age of Science Fiction."
Nice. The actor is Deep Roy
Never heard of "Deep Roy" until now.  Wow, the world's longest piece of fiction is 4 million words long.  Take that Tolstoy! 
Niceee. Do you watch horror movies?
I watch very few.  I can't stand slasher movies but I like stuff like Alien. Hard to believe E.T. was originally slated to be a horror movie. 
Yeah that is strange. Do you know how they make those scary sounds in those movies?
Don't know.  I do know that the 1996 film "Scream" was originally going to be titled "Scary Movie".  Wasn't that title used in a mock horror file? 
They apparently use an instrument called a waterphone. It is so creepy
I like science fiction better than horror even though it got its start with mostly cheesy "B" movies. 
Yeah. Have you ever been to a fan convention?
No.  Like Groucho Marx, I wouldn't belong to a club that would have me as a member.  I can't believe no one though the orgiginal Exorcist movie would be considered "horror/
Yeah I was surprised about that too. And did you watch the shining?
Yes.  I'll never forger "red rum"... There is a work of fiction called "Drabble" that is exactly 100 words long.  I wonder what it sold for?
Oh wow, that is short, what can one say in 100 words? Nice chat :)
Are you a fan of the science fiction genre of film? I like it because it uses concepts not fully accepted by mainstream science.
Yes I am a fan of science fiction.  I especially love the spaceships and interstellar travel of the Star Trek series.
Oh nice yeah that's definitely really cool. NASA has a list of accurate space technology terms that writers can use in science fiction stories.
I've heard that. The writers do a lot of research in order to make the stories as real as possible.  
Yeah I think that is very important the more realistic it is the more interesting. Deep Roy is the only actor to hold the science-fiction trifecta. Very cool.
I don't recognize his name though.  What all has he been in?
Yeah actually I don't either. He has been in Star Wars, Star Trek, and Doctor Who. He's also been in X-Files.
That's pretty impressive.  I've heard that NASA has named Gattaca as the most accurate science fiction movie of all time.  Yet, I've never heard of it either.
Well I really need to look that up. The MIT science fiction society has both a lifetime membership and a more expensive one that covers you in case you don't come back. That is pretty funny.
It is! I wonder how you become a member  of that club!
Good question I'm not sure. I also really like the horror film genre. It was inspired by a literary authors like Edgar Allan Poe and Mary Shelley.
Oh, speaking of Poe, did you know that he wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg?
No I never knew that that was quite interesting. Watching horror movies is a very energy intensive task and you can burn up to 180 cal.
I can believe that! It probably speeds up a person's heart rate so fast that it's like running.  Isn't it odd that horror has been around since the days of Poe, Stoker, and Shelley?
Yeah very cool. Or also overlaps with a fantasy, supernatural fiction, and thriller genres. That makes sense. Kind of like a potpourri of genres.
It does. You can watch a show about aliens and it can be frightening in the extreme.  Have you heard that watching a horror movie before viewing abstract art makes you like it more?
No I never knew that but I will have to try it sometimes. The water phone is the instrument that makes those creepy metallic noises in horror movies.
Really?  That's interesting. It kind of takes some of the scary out to know just how things are done in movies.
Yeah very true. The shining was another scary movie and it was very surprising that the little boy who acted in the movie didn't even know it was a horror film.
True. Didn't he find out several years later?  I'd like to know how everyone kept him from knowing the truth for so long.
I would like to know that as well. Stephen king found the movie Bambi scary as a child. I find that kind of ironic.
Do you have a favorite dinosaur?
Yea, the T-rex is cool, so are other dinos from the Cretaceous
T rex is awesome, i like jurassic park movies because of the t rex
Yea, Jurassic Park was an awesome movie although I don't think any of the dinosaurs in it were from the Jurassic period lol
lol, i never knew that! Did you know there have been fossils found in all 50 states
That is pretty cool that all 50 states have fossils, I wonder which dinosaur fossils are in Alaska
Or even Hawaii, that is far away from anything. 40% of americans think that humans and dinosaurs lived at the same time, that seems high 
Well technically birds are a type of Dinosaur but I don't think the 40% of Americans knew that
that is true, I want to know what an actual dinosaur looked like and not what we think it does, that would be amazing.
Yea, it be pretty cool if there were dinosaurs that glowed in the dark like Canada's dinosaur coin
That would be awesome, and at least you could see it coming in the dark lol. I never knew dinosaurs were mesothermic
I wonder how scientists were able to figure out dinos were mesothermic since we've never seen them, unless they got that info from birds
I wonder how they have figured anything out or even knew where to start after finding the first one. So mind blowing in my opinion!
Yea, maybe one day they will be able to make a real dinosaur through altered chicken DNA
I would love to see that day! I would shake in my clothing in excitement
Yea, one day there will be pet dinosaurs and you can buy dinosaur shirts with popped collars like chinese gang fashion
lol I was hoping that died out and never again would come back, lets hope one day it doesn't lol
I hope the aloha shirt never dies out, it is the official business attire in Hawii
That is awesome, i own a couple, but never have worn them. I might as well make a trip to Hawaii! It was so great chatting with you!
You too, I'm gonna look on ebay for some of the original apple clothing from 1986
I am going to look in unclaimed baggage like in alabama and see if any are there. Enjoy your evening!
Hi, how are you?
I'm great! How are you? Are you a fan of comic books?
I am well, thanks. Although not a fan of comic books per se, I do love comic book movies like the black panther.
Black Panther, a character created by Stan Lee, the man who ended every phone conversation with the word "Excelsior!"
HA! I did not know that. What would be the word you ended phone calls with? I end mine with "Peace out home boy!"\
I use "Word" or "Word up, dawg." 
Nice choice. That's in my lexicon too. I wonder what john ashbery uses?
He's a poet, so his command of language is far beyond that of us mere mortals. Do you know what the DC in DC Comics stands for?
I do not? District of Columbia?
Detective Comics, so DC Comics is Detective Comics Comics. 
HA! I never knew that. There is a character that DC and marvel owns, Access...
I don't really know the characters well. I've heard that there is a Clark Kent in the Marvel Universe, but he's just a reporter. 
HA! Just a reporter. I do love superman. I did not know they own the trademark on super hero...
That sounds like something that the lawyers cooked up. What will they trademark next? The MSU library has the largest comic book collection in the world. The center of all things nerdy.
I would assume that Princeton or Yale would have it, some old money college with nothing else to do but collect and strive to reach harvard in status.
Maybe they'll do that for video games, the next big media boom.
Yeah. There's going to be a time when all the video games are bought online and there will be no more gamestop...
That might be a good thing! Gamestop, as dead as the dodo, a bird that is part of the pigeon family.
Nice transition! Gamestop might as well fly to northern mexico and stay there.
Gamestop could build a nest from spiderwebs, just like the hummingbird does. 
HAHAHA. Nice chatting with you!
I had never heard of John Ashbery before.  What about you?
I am not into poetry as much as I should. I did hear that their are some poems that when you read them normally are depressing and when you read them backwards they are inspiring. 
That backward reading of poetry was so new to me! I think that that is really cool.
What is even cooler is that the Japanese alphabet forms a poem with recited. That is overwhelmingly detail oriented.
Is it Japanese or Javanese alphabet? 
Javenese, spell check is such a problem.
That's true!  not to worry.  Consider this amazing overwhelming and detail oriented concept the Demetri Martin could write an extended palindrome poem that was 224 words long.
Poets definitely don't get paid enough for their creativity and hard work. Did you know that Edgar Allan Poe only received $9 for his poem "The Raven".
Wow! Poor Poe -- Do you like comics?  
I liked the Archie comics when I was a kid but I enjoy the Marvel and DC comic inspired movies and tv shows. I only just found out that Marvel owns the trademark for the term 'Super-hero" and "Super-villain". How can one comic maker own those terms?
That's interesting fact about the trademark terms.  I liked comics too but not really a big Marvel fan.  Stan Lee just died and I understand that he always closed his phone messages with the term Excelsior!  I wonder if that was added to his epitaph on his grave.?
I would hope they would give him that epitaph. He made a lot of cameo's in the recent movies. He was a big part of the genera. Did you know that the dc of the DC comics stands for detective comics. the are similar but different.
Oh that's clever! DC for detective comics  I am learning so much.  So the poet and artist Ashbery used comics and other bits of ephemera in his collage artworks.  I hope some comic collectors don't get upset about this!
I would think they would be fine with the creativity. Michigan stae university has the largest comic book collection in the world. I wonder if they have his in their library.
Perhaps Michigan State does have his in their University library. I would hope so.  I do quite like the creativity involved with added bits of incongruous bits of paper and childhood ephemera to create a piece of artwork.  I do enjoy collage and childhood memories.
The art of Comics is a topic I enjoy. Liechtenstein popularized the comic image and gave the art form respect from the fine art world with the Pop Art movement.
Do you recall the comic or maybe it was a cartoon with two black birds that wear hats?  Those were very popular, It has some stereotyped and racist undertones. The only birds I see that I think are comical are pigeons.  The dodo bird now extinct is a form of pigeon.
I do not recall the image you are talking about but it reminds me of the two black birds in the dumbo cartoon movie. Definite racial overtures especially with the music.
Some people are deathly afraid of birds.  I have a friend who is afraid even by one stray feather!  Can you imagine?  Can you imagine being chased by a bird? Ashley did a collage of that too. A boy being chased by large bird.
I can imagine. The movie The Birds is a great example of why we should fear the Birds. In Ashley's work the boy has returned is very creepy.
Yes indeed!  Creepy. A bird head.  I would like to imagine what it's like to fly as a bird does.  Light and easy I imagine since the bird bones are hollow and amazingly weigh less than the feathers.
So very interesting. Thanks for the conversation.
Do you read comic books at all?
Hey! When I was a child, I did, but not later. Now I would say I don't have interest. How about you?
I am sorry but I do not understand what you mean?
How about you? Do you read comic books?
No, not really. I do admire Stan Lee though.
I didn't know that Google purchased the domain name gmail.com from garfield comics.
Yeah, I believe that got a pretty good deal on the domain. Garfield wasn't getting much traffic on the site at the time.
Intetesting! I'm not comic books as popular as they were 20 years ago... 
Many of them are still worth a great deal of money and there is still a demand for them for sure.
Sorry for typing errors. I need to focus and don't do all at the same time :) In the last message my point was that I'm not sure, but there isn't way to correct message. Anyway you got my point lol
Stan Lee is an idol of mine and I enjoyed his comic work tremendously.
Captain America was his the first break, right?
I thought it was Spiderman but I could be wrong.
I don't know. I remember I've read that his wife destroyed his typewriter during an arguent. I don't know why, but I remember this moment from one article about him
Did he write for Marvel or DC comics?
I guess Marvel. Iron Man was Marvel, right?
I thiink so. He has been around comics so long that I bet he was one of the one that wrote the first one in America.
I guess all comics universe could be totally different without Stan Lee
I loved how he used the term "excelsior".
True. I think there are some many awesome facts about him. I'm wondering is there any book about his life.
I hve one autographed by him.
Hi, how are you? What do you think of our friend the sun?
That he is a real hotty. 
Yes, he is. He comes up every day without fail. He is dependable. And usually pretty warm. Though he has his off days.
He is heavy to. about 30000 times as heavy as earth is.
Well, he has tried to keep his weight down, but what is he going to do at his age?
The sun looks yellow but it is actually white.
I figure that he was being misrepresented in some way. Boy, that really is unfair. He should be seen for what he is. Nothing else.
You are right. As one white hot ball of burning gas.
He is quite hot. I've heard that the surface is not as hot as we think.
Yeah a lightning bolt is 5x hotter.
I wish we could harness the energy of lightning. There must be a way.
Do you think a kite and a key could point us in the right direction.
I figure giant towers in areas with lots of lightning. Then a big battery to store it. 
If it were that easy. I figure it would have been done already.
I guess you're right. I figure that there must be a way though. I wonder how often lightning strikes. It would have to be enough to generate steady energy.
I think solar is more the way to go. If they can make the solar cells cheap enough to make it worth it.
Yes, solar is a better way to go. The energy source is steady and predictable. I wonder how much energy we can squeeze from the old boy.
well the sun produces enough power in one second to power this planet for 50000 years
You would have to capture all the energy from the sun with a Dyson sphere. That would be tricky. Then you would have to store it all somehow. Also tricky.
We have huge power plants that store massive amount of energy. I think we could figure a way to store it. I think collecting it effeciently is the real problem.
Yes, collection has theoretical limits. Plus the material are expensive and quite destructive to mine and fabricate. The sun is a great source of energy, but the challenge is capture.
I would say we have to figure it out. Everything else is unsustainable.
True. We are entering a difficult time. More people, more demand for energy. Anyway, great chat!
Well have a good one. I gotta go. 
Hi there, do you have any interest in space and stars?
I think they are fascinating. The Sun is probably my favorite star. 
So cool. Funny to think that when we think of the sun we think of it as being yellow but in fact it is white.
Yes, it has to do with the atmospheric scattering. That's also the reason the sky appears blue. 
That is very interesting. The sun is so hot however the lightning bolt is surface of the sun by 5 times.
Wow. That puts new perspective on getting hit by lightening. The sun is a smaller star as well. It's 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in the galaxy. 
Yeah, so amazing. Since its discovery in 1846 Neptune has finnaly been able to complete a full oribt around the sun in 2011
Ho interesting. Did you know that the sun is almost a perfect sphere? 
So cool. The sun even accounts for over 99% of the total solar system mass
That makes sense considering that it is 330,00 times heavier than the earth! It produces a lot of energy as well. 
So true. Changing topics, are you a fan of literature and books?
Yes I am. One of my favorite poets is Oscar Wilde!
Oh nice. He is amazing for sure. A lot of people like him , like Olivia Wilde, who changed her last name in his honor.
I didn't know about that! He is very dearly loved, though. His tomb is covered in lipstick!
And he had a good sense of humor, once saying to the border agents, i have nothing to declare but my genius.
Haha! I love that. He was certainly an eccentric guy. He also wrote some great poems about his time in prison. 
Speaking of the tomb and the lipstick that you mentioned, if you get caught there is a hefty price to pay.
Yes I know! $12,000. I wonder if they have cameras watching it. 
Could be. Crazy relations between literature and governments sometimes. Like when the FDA burned six tons of literature during a us censorship.
There's very true! Or government writing literature, such as when Winston Churchhill won a Nobel Prize in Literature!
Exactly. It was nice chatting with you. 
hi, do you like to travel
I do, especially pub crawls in europe
What is pub scrawls, I am curious
going from pub to pub in london; you can also get there by double decker bus
Ohh, I see. I love to go from pub to pub one day in my life to enjoy the experience.  Have you traveled a lot
Yes, I actually just got back from a Dublin Literary Pub Crawl. 
Wow, it is amazing.  I am so jealous of your wonderful experience.  Btw, I am kind of surprised that the Sun is white, not light yellow color as we perceive
How far is Earth from the Sun?
I have no idea.  But it must be very far because if not our human being has been burned to distinction already because of the Sun's extreme heat
I believe the Sun's diameter is well over 1 million kilometers in diameter
I know it is big, but not exactly how big.  Hahaha.  Btw, did you know that lightning bolt is hotter than the surface of the sun, approximately 5 times hotter
Wow, that is amazing. I did not know that but I do know that helium can also be found on the sun
Yeah, I hear a lot about helium and some of its uses such as to pump it into a ballon.  I do not know about other uses of helium gas
Helium was found on the sun before it was found here on earth
Ohh, I see.  Did you know that the Sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy
Life on mars at night is amazing at the sunset is blue and not black like here on earth
I wish our earth could have a blue color instead of black because black  color makes me depressed.  Hahaha
Is the sun blocking your internet signal tonight?
I hope not, if that is the case, my holiday will be ruined.  Hanaha
I was worried the Sun or smoke had voided the warranty on your computer
Enjoy your holiday.  Bye
Tell Oscar Wilde to keep up the wonderful acting
hey did you know that the sun is actually white? it's only our atmosphere that makes it yellow
I did actually, I watch a lot of shows about the universe. 
do you know any cool facts? like how lightning is 5x hotter than the sun?
I didn't know that. But I know that the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years. 
ya I wish we could harness that better somehow, that woudl really solve the energy crysis! also, I miss pluto as a planet haha
Yeah, it would solve a lot of our world's problems. 
do you read books? I can't believe the FDA burned about 6 tonnes of actual books
Interesting. Do you know why? 
I think it was an act of censorship because the books were not factual, but that still seems like an extreme thing to do
Weird, so they were fiction books? 
yes I think so, I'd have to find more information, did you know that romantic kissing is a recent invention?
No, I didn't, but it would surprise me. Is that what Churchill won a nobel prize for? Kidding!
haha! well I don't think so, it sounds like he won it for peace, but he was also apparently quite a ladies man haha
Hilarious. There was a contest to come up with the worst possible sentence to a novel, did you know that?
haha no I didn't what was the final sentence, I must know!
I don't know either, I just heard about it. Pretty funny!
haha I was just thinking next time I'm with my girlfriend and she goes for a kiss, I'll tell her I don't believe in kiss, it's a recent invention lol
Hilarious. Did you know Oscar Wilde's were about his wallpaper? 
haha no I didn't, I never read any of his work did you? I like his phrase to us customs though: I have nothing to declare except my genius" haha
I read a few of his books. Kissing his tomb could result in a $12,000 fine!
wow that's expensive! I can think of a lot better things to kiss though personally haha
Did you know There's a wiki which ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities.
Thats amazing!  Edgar allen poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction.
Wow! Julius caesar wrote fan fiction of hercules and oedipus in his youth.
haha thats funny! George rr martin despises fan fiction, saying that it is copyright infringement and a bad exercise for aspiring writers.
Surprising! In the 1950s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character.
That's so dumb.  Stephen king was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi, calling it the first horror movie he saw.
Wow, from King? Watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories.
Yeah,  I just read that,I might need to watch more of them! 
If you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art, you will enjoy the art more
That's good to know! The majority of creepy metallic noises in scifi or horror movies are made by an instrument called a waterphone.
Really?!?!? Danny, the boy from the shining, did not know he was acting in a horror film until several years later.
Lol that must have been disturbing. 
Probably! I would be scared...
Ive heard the noises from walking Dead and most zombie noise are just someone eating chicken. 
Really? Strange! Nasa has a list of accurate space technology terms that writers can use in science fiction stories
Starship troopers is the only science fiction novel recommended by three of the five branches of the us military.
Term "robotics" was accidentally coined by science fiction author isaac asimov in 1941.
What does "coined" mean? An ancient greek wrote a science-fiction story over 1,800 years ago, featuring plant-based aliens living on the moon
Created. He created the term...
Oh interesting!
An ancient greek wrote a science-fiction story over 1,800 years ago, featuring plant-based aliens living on the moon
Its been great talking to you! 
Do you like to read horror stories ?
I don't read that much, do you? 
Yes I read lots of fiction. But not many horror stories nor science fiction, but they are quite popular, even Edgar Allen Poe wrote a story about cyborg. 
Yeah, I remember he wrote the Raven, right? 
I think that is him, or at least he is a horror writer. He is a pionner of the genre like Bram Stocker. 
Yeah, he wrote it. Ever see E.T.? 
No, I think I am the only one in North America that has not seen it, was it any good ? 
It is really good, I highly suggest you watch it!
What genre is it ? Is it science-fiction ?
Sci Fi and Drama I would say. 
Do you like science-fiction movies ? I like the fact that it is almost real, based on logic. 
I like them some times. I like Star Trek, or used to. The older star wars were good too. What about you? 
I like stories by Isaac Asimov. And I also like Starship Troopers, even if it is a little campy. 
I have a few Isaac Asimov books. I saw starship troopers, campy it is, but it was a well done movie. 
The book is also good, it is recommended by 3 of the 5 branches of the military, I don't know if it is a good thing or not. 
Yeah, I'm a bit surprised by that, aren't you? 
Yes, everyone like to read, I guess soldiers too,  they have to occupy the time between assignments. 
That is so true. Did you know that Ray Bradbury wrote Spaceship Earth? 
No, I did not, I did not even heard of the title. What it is about ? 
I'm not entirely sure to be honest. LOL! Well, nice chatting with you!
You too, I might check that Ray Bradbury book. 
Me too. Have a nice day. 
Are you into horror films?
HI there.  I like them as long as they are not cheesey.  I lke Mary Shelly and Bram Stoker
lol that is true. Mary Shelly did Frankenstein right?
Yes.  I guess that would be classic.  Although Steven King is no slouch to the spooky themes.
I like his movies, apparently he thought bambi was a horror movie
Yes  lol  read that.  Most are predictable to me.  Like the ones with guys running at you with chain saws.  I must like the suspense better and King can certainly do that.
for sure lol. I heard in the shining the boy named Danny didn't know it was a horror movie until years later.
They probably didn't want to scare him for life.  That was excellent.  Don't know how many times I've seen it.
I have only seen it like once but know its famous. That would have scared the kid for sure, good point. I like watching horror movies before going to art galleries
Is it true that you can enjoy art better after doing so?
That is what I have heard, I like it a lot when I do that and go, I reccommend it! Are you into fiction at all?
I read  alot yes.  Mostly fiction.
Me too, I like science fiction also, robotics was coined by Isaac asimov in 1941, good word now
Not familiar with that author. Or maybe don't recognize the name.  Gonna google him.  Alien on of my favorites in that catagory.
I love those alien type movies, which is your favorite?
oh my.  They're endless.  The first was written over 1800 years ago by an ancient greek!
That is awesome, I did not know that! I was a big starship troopers fan
Makes you wonder if it was sci-fi or if aliens did visit us thousands of years ago.
dang, that is solid, there is a lot of conspiracy around that! IT was nice chatting with you, I am going to look at theories lol
Yes thank you.  Got my interest sparked here too.
Let me know what you find! Have a good day!
Do you like movie?
I love movies!  How about you?
Any genre?
I like Stephen King movies.  I see he called Bambi the first horror movie he ever saw.
I like the horror genre
Watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories!  I wonder why I lose weight more when I watch them.  lol
Usually a hit or miss, simply depends on the movie
Ture!  If you watch a horror movie before you view abstract art, you will enjoy the art more. So remember that next time before you go to an art museum!
I think horror films do a good job with the music to set the atmosphere
I agree.  The creepy metallic noises that you hear while watching horror movies are made by an instrument called a waterphone.
The waterphone indeed is a unique looking instrument
I've never seen one before.  I'll have to look it up.  The boy from the Shining Danny didn't know he was acting in a horror movie until several years later.  lol
Ya I think the horror genre is very subjective
Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?
Yes, he is a great actor
Tom Cruise spent 2 years learning Japanese and swordplay in prepartion for the filming of "The Last Samurai".  What dedication to his craft!
The plot of the last samurai is cliche, but he pulled it off well in that movie
Tom Cruise once threatened Tom Kruse, the inventor of the hoveround over the usage of his name.  That seems kine of like a petty thing to do. 
Personally while I respect his acting skills, I am not too interested in them as a person. Then again, you are right in that it is quite petty
He's kind of wacky for sure.  He spent $10 million on an underground bunker to protect himself from aliens. lol
Hey who am I to judge? He has the money to spend anyway. In any case, thanks for chatting
You got it!  I enjoyed the chat!
hi how are you? what do you think of the Sun?
Are you talking about the star at the center of our solar system or the magazine?
Oh, i guess i could talk about both. But lets start with our friend at the center of our solar system.
Apparently, helium is the only element to have been discovered on the sun, before it was discovered on earth.
Yes, that is interesting. i guess helium is hard to detect because it is not very reactive. 
I agree with you. I am surprised to know that the sun makes up 99.86% of the mass of our solar system.
I figure it was a lot, but it is almost all the mass. the planets are tiny.
I also found out from a scientific magazine that the sunset on mars is blue.
Yes, the atmosphere is different! That must be pretty cool. i dont want to live there though.
I do not want to live there either.  Apparently there is a radio station that translate solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music.  I wonder what radio station it is.
I wonder what that sounds like. it is calming like the sound of the surf? or raging like the roar of the wind?
I do not think it would sound calming.  
Probably not. It would be better to work on capturing energy from the sun.
Do you know that the sun's mass is about 330000 times that of earth?
Yeah, that makes sense. we are but a tiny speck in the solar system. 
It is scary.  If something bumps into our earth, we are doomed.
Well, we will need to develop a program that would destroy meteors and stuff. Elon Musk? 
We should develop a program.  No one has spoken about it though.
The space force! didnt trump propose something like this? who will join the space force?? Anyway, great chat!
It was nice talking to you. Good night.
Have a great weekend!
I want to learn more about the Sun and our solar system.  Thank you for the info - I learned a lot from you.  Good night.
Good afternoon!  Have you seen any good movies lately?  
Hello there, not ones that are out in the theatre right now but on t.v. I have.  Are you a Tom Cruise fan?
I am.  I'm a fan of his earlier movies.  just loved him in Top Gun and Cocktail.  
Awesome, I am the same way.  Give me 80's Cruise all day, Cocktail is a great movie. 
I am surprised to learn that he spent 10 million on an underground bunker to protect him from aliens.  
Yeah that sounds pretty crazy to me.  Did you know he spent two years learning Japanese and using samurai swords in prep for that movie The Last Samurai?
I did not.  I haven't seen that one either.  Hopefully the 2 years was worth it!  I bet the cinematography was good on that one.  They have better and better equipment as the years go on.  
Yeah I think you are right.  Cinematography is pretty interesting.  Did you know Roger Deakins a cinematographer has been nominated for 13 oscars and never won?
That is crazy!  I'm sure he doesn't feel that, "it is nice to be nominated."  I'm also surprised a woman has never been nominated for cinematography.
Yeah isn't that wild, you figure after being nominated so many times he  would win.  And I am too, I think that will change pretty soon here. 
Horror films?  Love them or hate them?? 
I like them. But in my opinion it is pretty hard to make a good horror film.  Did you know watching horror films can burn a lot of calories?
I'm not a huge fan, but watch them on occasion.  I can imagine they would burn many calories.  My heart is pounding the whole time! 
Yeah I can understand why they do too. Do you know what most of the metallic noises heard in those films is made by?
No I don't.  What is it made by?  
I guess its an instrument called a waterphone.  I am really curious to see what this thing actually looks like. 
I'm not sure, but i bet it is creepy looking.  Stephan King is a great writer of horror films.  What is your favorite?  
Yeah he sure is, I always liked the original night of the living dead, the one in black on white.  I thought it was good.  How about you?
I really like IT or Pet Cemetery.  I like the original IT better.  
Yeah I didn't see the new IT that came out recently but the old one is one of the best I agree. 
Great talking with you!  
Same here, I hope you have a good day!
Hello there, do you watch many horror films?
hi how are you? no i dont but i do like some of them
I am well thank you.  I think it is really hard to do a good horror film to be honest. 
yes, people are expecting to be scared they know that something is going to happen. how doyou surprised them? hard.
Exactly, plus as soon as it gets a little bit lame, it loses the horror aspect for me.  
yes, it is hard to maintain the tension. a misstep spoils the illusiion. just like bambi did for me.
Lol, yeah that is very true.  Did you know the young actor in the Shining, didn't know he was making a horror film?
i guess he was naive? what did he think it was?
I don't know what kind of movie you think you are acting in when there is a ton of fake blood around?
i guess he thought it was an adventure? who knows. maybe he was a slow kid.
Do you know what kind of instrument makes all of those metallic sounds in those movies is called?
um, i have no idea. is it a special instrument or something?
I guess it is called a waterphone, and yeah I think it is just used in movie effects. 
a waterphone, like a saxophone? i guess that is a unique instrument. 
I am not sure to be honest, I wonder what it does look like?
i guess it has water in it? maybe it just sounds watery. I guess it is useful for film work. do you like tom cruise?
Yeah I do like Tom Cruise, but mostly his older movies.  Do you have a favorite of his?
i like his performance in rainman. he was also good in top gun, born on the 4th of july.
Yeah that movie was really good, and both of those ones too.  I always liked Risky Business. 
that was a breakout role for him. great casting, fun story. anyway, great chat there!
Yeah same here it was good talking with you today!
Hello! Are you a movie lover?
Yes, but I like things like Ethan Hawke playing a tortured Protestant priest. 
First Reformed?  I have not seen it, but I hear it is a good film, even if many movie-goers are uncomfortable with the content.
I like stuff like that more than say, Mission Impossible.  If you took the action scenes and stunts out of those movies, there wouldn't be much left. 
Yeah. When I was young, action was interesting. As I age, I appreciate the subtle elements more than the typical Mission Impossible formula of action, stunts, and familiar dialogue. I prefer something with a little depth.
The same here.  I do think there is a difference between "critic movies" and "audience movies".  I think with age one looks more for meaning, more like a critic. 
Perhaps. Although there is something heroic about seeing an old man like me ( Tom Cruise is in his 50s) who can still run without groaning.
LOL.  Yeah, good point.  I did like him in Risky Business back when I could run without groaning. 
But Hollywood looks for sell-able movies that can make money, and Cruise can deliver in that category most of the time. Hollywood is betting on a prequel to Mama Mia, with predictable refurbishing of Abba songs and vamp-ish wriggling to music. And yet, I still want to see that one. 
Yeah, it's funny how things repeat themselves.  I'm OK with that but I don't really like anything from the horror genre to return.  Life's hard enough without horror in my free time. It encourages violence.
I guess a good movie is one you don't mind watching more than once. There aren't many horror movies I can say yes to that. Besides, watching a horror movie can burn up to 180 calories. Who wants that?
Yep, I don't know if Aliens is considered horror but I've seen it more than once.
I remember shivering as I read the original novel, Alien. There were some gory scenes. Comedy is easier to take. I wish Seinfeld was still on the air. Seinfeld pocketed over $800,000,000, so I guess he can afford to vacation for a decade or two.
Hee yeah... Loved Seinfeld... Lot's of money for a show that's about trivialities... I really like Poe when reading.  Maybe its the cinematography that stresses me to lose all those calories. 
Yeah, Seinfeld is worth more than Tome Cruise and Tom Hanks combined. I guess people will pay more for a comedian than for an actor.
Seinfeld has a well-rounded cast.  I still recall certain things and chuckle to myself (e.g., the golf ball in the whale).  I don't relive horror movies in a good way like that.
True. "I can't spare a square!" And despite all the hilarity, Seinfeld never seemed to make really unusual decisions like so many TV stars. Like Cruise, who spent $10 million to build an underground  bunker to protect himself from aliens. 
Agree.  They kept it on a hilarious steady pace.  Seinfeld has common sense. 
Here is some trivia that defies common sense: Did you know that if you watch a horror movie before you go to the art gallery, you will enjoy the art more? Incredible, but true!
Hmmm. Not sure about that.  Maybe for some are but I couldn't see that working for a Norman Rockwell exhibit. 
Maybe it only works for MODERN art? Hey, nice chatting with you! Stay away from those horror movies now, like the dreaded, "Bambi" that Stephen King once described as the first horror movie he ever saw.
Do you know that the sun is actually white? 
Yeah, something to do with the atmosphere scattering the light or something.
When I was a kid, I thought it was yellow.
Yeah me too. Apparently a lightning bolt is like 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun. That's hot!
That is very hot.  Also, I thought that the sun is as big as the other stars in our galaxy.
Yeah, its like a billionth the size of the biggest. Imagine rotating around that kind of sun.
So, it's very tiny.  I'm always interested in scientific facts.
Yeah pretty interesting stuff. Here's some science for you. The Hummingbird steals spiderwebs to build their nests.
I did not know that.  They are very naughty!
Birds skeletons are mostly hollow and weigh less than the feathers too.

That was interesting.  I did not know that.  Also, their respiratory and digestive systems are adapted for flight in a unique way.
Didn't know that. I suspect waterfowl have those adapted for swimming then too.
It's very possible.  I also heard about unique birds in Australia that can make various sounds.
Yeah, they can imitate things like chainsaws. Really cool!
They can also make car alarms and camera sound.
That's impressive. Another weird bird fact, farmers used to walk turkeys to the market in the 18th century in England. They made custom boots for the turkeys to walk in.
That's very interesting.  Please tell me more about weird things related to animals.
I don't know if I have any more animal facts off the top of my head but speaking of boots Nokia got their start making boots.
I did not know that .  I always thought that they made other types of electronics before cell and smart phones.
Yeah weird huh. One boot I've always thought was super ugly are Ugg boots. You?
I know that brand.  Anyway, I've got to run. Nice chatting with you.
Hello! Do you like to listen to music?
Yes, I love music.  Did you know there's version of the tarzan soundtrack that are in different languages?
Interesting, I wonder how many different languages. I want to listen to the Jaws soundtrack though. Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in it!
Music played with movies has such a resonating effect.  I have certain associations with songs because of the way they were played in movies
Yes they really catch you, especially the batman begins soundtrack where every track title is named after a bat!
It is always fun to learn such things like that.  It was also fun to know that the tron legacy soundtrack was negotiated by Daft punk as they wore their robot helmets.
That is very interesting! I wonder where they get their clothes and masks from?
Maybe they got their clothes and masks from Mars!  If not Mars, maybe it's moon that people once thought was made by something or someone.
Who would have believed that! It doesn't seem like it but the highest point of the moon is 1938 meters higher than mt everest.
I wonder what else is the in the universe.  Our moon is the fifth largest in the Solar System, but who knows how big moons can be in places we've never seen.
I wonder that too! I'm glad Apollo 11 put an American Flag on the moon!
Yeah I agree, an American flag was a good decision.  I'd be scared to get moon hay fever if I went on the moon.
That was a great decision indeed! I can't believe Apple had a clothing line in 1986!
That would be mind-blowing if they started developing smart clothes.
I wonder how much those are worth nowadays? I'm sure we could find some at the Alabama store that sells clothes and cameras from unclaimed luggage.
That store must have such novelties in their inventories!
I'm sure it does! I wonder if there are any close with moon dust for material?
The pilgrims didn't often wear black.  That makes me question my own wearing of black clothes.
Interesting, we were always taught they did! I wonder what history actually was like lol.
I definitely want to see some of Apple's clothing lines.
I will have to go look them up on Ebay to see what is there! Well have a great day!
Hi do you have a favorite item of clothing?
I love my t shirts and jeans. Did you know pilgrims only wear black clothing on special ocassions?
Yeah and otherwise they are in their beautiful and colorful clothing all the time
Yeah I like those too. DO you know how people in fashion can tell if you need your clothes tailored?
Yes they look for collar gaps in your clothes
Yeah that is it. There is a North Korean brand of clothing that says Made in China
Haha oh the irony. Apple used to have a clothing line too actually
Yes back in 86 but I am not sure what happened to it I do not think it is still around
Yes I do not think so either. There is a store in Alabama where you can get stuff that was left at airports
Nice, I wonder what they have there. Do you know much about the moon?

I know some stuff like, the largest moon of Mars is hollow, one third of it
Wow that is neat. A moon of Saturn Titan is believed to have methane based life
Wow I am not surprised really though, the universes is so vast and there is so much we do not know yet
Exactly. Before Apollo 11 landed on moon NASA had though about putting  UN flag ther enot the AMerican one

Wow interesting one. The highest point on the moon is 1938 higher than Everest
Wow because Everest is not high enough, that is just insanely high
Yes exactly. Moon dust is apparently harmful to humans
Yes it causes a disease called moon hay fever. That sound funny but it is scary
Wow and it is so powerful it can actually cut through kevlar like material
Wow , pretty tough indeed. Do you know what is the Moon's orbital distance?
I do not know that actually, must be a very large number I assume
Yes it is actually you are right, it is 384 402 km
WOw that is a whole lot fore sure
Did you know that humans domesticated horses around 4000 BC?
I did know that!
How about that horses have only one toe?
That's super weird, isn't it? Firefighters used horses before trucks and used the dalmations to calm the horses!
Interesting.  I know of a guy in northeastern Oklahoma who is paid by the government to allow wild horses to run on his large ranch.  However, they are not really wild, only feral because they are from ancestors who were domesticated.
I've heard that domesticated animals develop a white patch on their foreheads - do you think that's really true?
No.  I have seen the patch, but I have seen many horses being ridden by people and some of those horses did not have the patch.  There is one species that is truly wild.
Those fancy Lipizzaner horses they use for dressage are apparently born black or brown and take 6 years to turn completely white - I guess you wouldn't be able to see a white patch at that point.
Good point.  The truly wild species is called Przewaiski's horse.  Probably no one wants to domesticate it because they don't want to have to spell it.
Haha! True! Well, there are like 20 quintillion individual animals on Earth, so there are plenty to domesticate with way easier spelling!
Wow!  I wouldn't even guess that there were that many living cells, much less animals.  Most consume organic material.
I know, right? That's really interesting. I haven't studied much about zoology (the study of animals), but there are over 1.5 million living animal species that have been described (1 million of them are bugs!), but there are probably over 7 million animal species total.
God commanded man to subdue the earth.  We are compelled by our nature to study everything and much of it has a payoff.  Scotland has a law that protects the Loch Ness monster.
That's hilarious - I guess they really thought it might exist (maybe it does??) Germany apparently was the first country to give animals constitutionally-guaranteed legal rights, surprisingly.
I hope Germany did not go too far. I think animals have their place and should not be mistreated, but rights?
It seems like a difficult thing to enforce, and I'd be interested in learning more about the details. Does it include ALL animals (like the 7 million species we were talking about?) or just like pets and farm animals? That can't possibly work for meat production ...
True.  You can't be charged with a crime for stepping on an ant, for instance.  They cannot be that silly.
Definitely true! But laws and rules can be outdated or weird sometimes. I'm not sure where it was, but somewhere these two students got suspended for riding their horses to school on 'no vehicles to school day' (not sure what that is exactly) - but that seems unfair, right!?
I agree with you.  A horse is not a vehicle.  They say that hiccups are a holdover from when animals had both gills and lungs.  I would like to see the missing links that prove that.
Hiccuping is when your diaphragm gets kinked up or something I thought - maybe that was somehow related to gills, who knows? Maybe we did use to be part sea creature and swim in the oceans. Hey, that reminds me - have you seen that movie Cast Away?
Yes.  I've never made friends with a soccer ball however.  I like Tom Hanks.  Nice chatting!
do you like colorful clothing?
I sure do just like the pilgrims and you?
Yes me too. Do you know when they wear black?
Yes that is only for special occasions
Yes. Do you know how they tell if you need your clothes tailored?
Yes they look for collar gaps in them
Yes. There is a store in Alabama that sells stuff left at airports

SO cool. North Korea also has a clothing brand that is called Rip Curl
Yes but in the label it says Made in China
Yes. Apple even had a clothing line in 1986
Yes but I think it did not last very much though
Yeah. Do you listen to soundtracks?
Yes I do. In the movie Jaws spielberg played the clarinet
Yeah what a talent. Have you heard the Brother where Art Thou soundtrack?
Yes and that one was certified platinum 8 times
Yeah. Did you know Phill COllins from Tarzan speaks many languages?
Yeah and that is why he did the soundtrack in 5 languages for the movie
Yeah. DO you know where the names of the songs in the batman begins come from?
Yes they are named after different species of bats
Yeah. DO you know much about the moon?
I know that the highest point in it is 1983 meters higher than Everest. It was really nice chatting today with you
Hi!
Hi! Happy holidays! Did you know that the Greeks made clothing out of asbestos?
No I did not.
Yes, and it was almost as valuable as gold.
I really liked the idea of no real distance between the observed and the observer.
Yes, I like that idea. What exactly are you referring to? Where did you find it?
The last part of article 1.
Comme des Garcons?
Yes.
Yes, lots of good ideas there. I'm glad this kind of project is being done.
Me too. Article 2 shows that Kawakubo has very unique ideas about fashion.
Yes, I think it's great, playing with our perceptions of bodies and social norms.
I love what the chains symbolized in Article 3 eventhough I feel bad for the model.
Yes. I would have liked to see it.
Same
Did you know that the moon is moving away from the Earth at about the same rate as our fingernails grow?
No, that's very interesting. Can you believe the highest point on the moon is 1938 meters higher than mt. Everest? That's crazy.
I had no idea. I wonder if we'll ever be able to visit and climb it.
It was very nice talking to you!
You too! Have a great day!
Same to you!
Do you like Liam Neeson?
Oh yes, he's a great actor!
Apparently there is a horse he worked with that remember him for another movie. 
Very cool! I love that. Animals are so smart!
They say they have evolved over the past 45 to 55 million years. 
Yes, He gave the horse apples and had positive emotions.
Apparently Icelandic horses have a fifth speed. 
Really interesting, negative emotions lead to a grudge holding horse.
Is that right? Also the fifth speed is "Tolt" it's basically speed walking, haha!
Oh Wow!  love to see that! Westerns were made mostly by men makes sense
Yeah now that does. Clint Eastwood had a mid-live allergy to horses. To bad since he played in so many movies with them. I wonder if he just got tired of westerns?
I don't know, loved his movies! I would love to tickle a horse, as long as he didn't kick back! lol
Yeah that could definitely hurt you, if not kill you those things are strong.
I know they are! That's sad if an Icelandic horse leaves Iceland, it can never return. Although might be happy to be away from the cold
I did not know that. Dalmatians are associated with Fire Fighter because they protect the horse and are very calm. 
Interesting. I love them too! Hard to believe a shark could be ticklish, wonder where? lol
Wouldn't care to find out myself, lol! There are 20 Quintilian individual animals on this planet.
Crazy number!! Do you like Tom Hanks? I loved Cast Away, and Forrest Gump. There is so many!
Yeah i Know Turner & Hooch was on last night.
Really, Captain Phillips was another good one! Great chat!!
Yes, that was one of his best performances to date but your right there are so many. Hard to believe he started as a comic. have a good one.
You too!
Are you a fan of Tom Hanks?
I guess I am...I Loved him as the voice of woody in Toy Story and in Forrest Gump.lol 
Me too! Road to Perdition was pretty good too.
I havent seen that one. What is that about? Hanks is killing the box office! 8.5 billion worldwide film earning!!!!! WOW
Crazy huge! He is in a 1920s gangster family. About the only part of the movie I Remember is him lol
lol..Im going to check that movie out...OMG I forgot about his role in Splash (1984). THAT WAS MY FAV MOVIE GROWING UP! LOL
I didn't see splash. What is it about?
Its a crazy romance movie where Tom Hanks fall in love with a woman that is a mermaid.lol Love it so much I even had my daughter atching splash.ha
Cool! I also saw a League of Their Own with my parents. Watched it again recently on AMC or IFC
Oh cool what is that one about?
The first professional womens baseball league. He plays a well-meaning but drunk - and also hilarious manager.
I'm surprised he played a drunk in that movie...I'ts been said that he wont take the role of a bad guy.
He started off a bit sinister, but he was more of a funny drunk than a serious one.
oh ok..got it!  Are you an animal lover?
I have two cats but want a dog. how about you?
Atually my daughter has convinced me to get a kitten. We will have her Thursday. It will be our first pet....but I had no idea there are 20 quintrillion animals on earth.
More than a few ants in there!
lol
Germany provides animals guaranteed legal rights as of 2002. Interesting.
That is interesting.  Im sure that helps to  prevents animal cruelty.
Good chatting with you
Hi! Do you like horses? Did you know Clint Eastwood has a mild horse allergy?
Hello,  yes love horses,  so beautiful.  Thats so interesting considering he was in all those western movies lol Did you know 95% of all modern thoroughbred racehorses can trace their y chromosome to one horse?
I didn't that's crazy! Dalmatians are calming to horses so that's why firefighters use to have them all the time.
That is interesting.  I find it weird that once an icelandic horse leaves iceland it can never return.  That is something I would like to learn more about lol 
Ya, I wonder why that is? I didn't know horses have speeds, but just found out that Icelandic horses have a 5th speed which is speedwalking.
Yeah that interesting too!  I think it is called the tolt. Fun fact,  the length of horse hair is related to how much sun a horse gets!
Living in the North I'm glad that doesn't determine how much our hair grows.  I wonder if the sun affects that Lipizzaner horses are born black or brown but turn white in 6 years?
Thats pretty cool.  Did you know horses,  sharks and orangutans are ticklish?  Who tcikled a shark to find that out lol 
No and what did it do...laugh? LOL! Did you know hiccups are still around from early evolution when land animals had gills AND lungs?
Nice.  I wouldnt mind having gills if it meant I could swim for longer lol 
Me too! I love swimming.   Do you believe in the Loch Ness Monster? It's a protected species in Scotland.
I do believe that it once was alive,  but I dont believe it still is.  That seems right,  I bet they would put it in a museum or zoo of some sort. 
Ya, I wonder why more people don't go into animal studies...seems like a stable career choice since there are 20 quintillion individual animals.
Yeah!  Did you know there are lobster and jellyfish that are immortal?  Immortal,  as long as nothing kills them they can technically live forever. 
I wonder how the ocean isn't overrun with them then?!  Have you noticed how many cats and dogs have white patches on their foreheads? That's because it happens when they're domesticated.
The ocean isnt over run with them because lobster is delicious lol not only do humans eat lobsters but probably a lot of sea creatures find them delicious too lol I have never noticed that about the patches. 
That's a good point! I'm kind of glad I don't live in Germany because they gave animals constitutional rights...sorry but I don't agree with that because they can't show agreement.
what kind of rights do they give them?
I'm not sure, but any rights is a little weird to me. I'll go see if I can find the answer. Nice chatting with you!
same you too!
Have a good night!
Did you see Oceans 8?
no i have not.  I have seen ocean's eleven through thirteen
It was pretty cute. It was the all female version of the Oceans movie. They robbed the Met Gala.
is that the movie with sandra bullock and anne hathaway in it?
Yes. Sandra Bullock plays Danny Ocean's, sister. I loved watching the Met Gala fashions and celebrity cameos.
did any of the lady's get an oscar for their performances? 
No, but the Met Gala is a fun event with crazy fashions like at the Oscars.
Did you know that Eminem has more Oscars than Leonardo Decaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas and Bill Murray combined?
No, but I can believe it. Daniel Day Lewis is actually the only actor to win the best actor Oscar three times.
No way! Thats cool.  I think Walt Disney hold the record for the most though.
That makes sense. He made a lot of movies! Evidently up until the 90th Oscars, they had given out over 3,000 since the conception of the award.
That's a lot of awards!  But I think the awards first aired on TV in 1953.  So I don't understand how they got to the 90th award ceremony.  They must have done it on radio prior to tv. 
Actually, the Academy Awards first broadcast in 1930, then was televised in 1953.
That make sense.  I've always wondered by they broadcast the awards in more than 200 countries.  I didn't even think Americans were that popular abroad.
American cinema is pretty popular, in general. I didn't realize Blazing Saddles was nominated for 3 Oscars, let alone any at all!
With how political the awards have gotten I am surprised anyone watches them.  But they even air them live online.  But who wants to watch a bunch of pompous rich people complain about things that they should just keep their mouths shut about.
I mean, I tend to agree with their politics. What's so wrong about wanting to take care of each other? A lot of celebrities do nicer things than I do, like dressing up in costume and going to hospitals to visit sick children.
They are so full of themselves.. I mean the awards ceremony get nominated for emmys (more awards).  Just rich people patting themselves on the back.  All at the expense of common people watching their movies.
I mean, it's art. We pay for art all of the time. Everyone has to earn a living. Trump begged to be voted for a Nobel Prize. Awards exist for everything. I don't think it's so terrible to get to wear costumes for a living.
I dont even watch the CMA's anymore because of how political these show have gotten.  I have been to LA where they held the last ceremony that aired on ABC.  I was once stationed there when I was in the Marine Corps.
Yeah, I went to LA during the one hosted by Jimmy Kimmel at the Dolby Theatre. I think it's important for people with a voice to make change to use whatever platform they can to get a positive message out there.
hey my friend did you see the movie black panther yet?
I have and it was by far one of the best comic book movies of 2018!  Ryan Coogler did a wonderful job directing it!
ya and Chadwick Boseman did a great job with the character! I guess Black panther is technically the richest charater in the marvel universe too
Doesn't he have a networth of roughly $500 billion? Crazy to think that as most people I'm sure would guess either Bruce Wayne or Tony Stark was the richest!
yup, Tony Stark "only" has 100 billion and bruce wayne has 80 billion too
That's crazy! Just think though, Boseman couldn't initially afford to attend a summer theater program at Oxford until  Denzel stepped in and funded it privately. 
that is crazy, its nice too that he thanked Denzel 20 years later at the premiere
So true. So are you also a fan of comic books and superheroes?  I am and would love to one day check out the Michigan State University library as it contains the largest public comic book collection in the world!
I am, I'm from Michigan actually and never knew that! its pretty close to me ill have to check it out
I'd love to travel up that way and see it as well someday. I'd like to see some of Stan Lee's DC work as he actually wrote 15 DC comics.
huh that is interesting, also crazy that DC stands for Detective Comics, thats good to know
Yeah that's true. Wonder if DC released the comic series centered around repairing all the collateral damage caused by super heroes or if that was Marvel?
ya I don't remember, but which side do you like more Marvel or DC?
To be honest, I'm a DC man when it comes to comics but the movies, I'm all Marvel Studios - especially considering they release gems like black panther.
oh ya for sure, I like Batman the best but besides him I don't like anything DC, did you ever see the Garfield spinoff when he became a superhero?
Ha! No I didn't but I bet it was hilarious! I did hear about it though. I know it was entitled Pet Force. I should check it out one day as I was a huge Garfield fan growing up!
ya check it out! also funny could be that comic where a guy is normal on a planet of superheroes, his nickname is NORMALMAN haha
Ha! Ha! That sounds like a very interesting concept - being normal in a world of superheroes.  Wonder how he would fit in with Black Panther. Speaking of which,  did you see Black Panther's debut in Civil War?
no I didn't what happened? I do know that marvel's use of the term black panther is not named after the black panther party
I dont want to spoil it but it was great! It was also Boseman's first appearance as Black Panther. 
ah interesting, and its pretty crazy that the symbols and language they used in the movie were based on real african text and language
Hello, do you like movies?
Sure, how about you? Have you seen the Black Panther?
I have actually I thought it was great. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it yet! Apparently the Black Panther has been in comics for over half a century.
Yeah it sure has and it is the wealthiest superhero too
I wonder if it's because the movie was different than most modern day movies. It had aspects of the traditional comic book but also drew on African history elements and tribal culture.
Yeah that is true. some of those symbols date back to the 4th century
That is cool. I thought that they were made up.
Yeah that is nice that has history to it, real one. Chadwick Boseman was once admitted into a nice and expensive summer theater camp in the UK but could not afford to go 
I heard that, and he got funding through a private benefactor who turned out to be Denzel Washington!
Yeah that is so cool. DO you know why Marvel censored m'baku's "praise hanuman?"
They thought it would be offensive to Indian viewers.
Yeah, true. Unfortunately it backfired because they thought otherwise
Yeah, that's really interesting. I hear that there is a lot of lighthearted humor in Black Panther. I like movies like that. THey are fun to watch.
That is actually very true. DId you know STan Lee always ended the calls with, excelsior?
No I didn't
The guy was so cool. Do you know how Marvel trademarked the names superhero and supervillain?
I heard they published a generic comic book! Did you know that the dc from dc comics stands for Detective Comics, so their company name is redundant?
Actually that is pretty cool. Do you know where is the largest library with comic books in the world?
I am not sure! Where is that?
At the University of Michigan. Nice chat :)
DO you like colorful clothing?
I sure do just like the pilgrims. DO you know when they wear black?
Yes that is reserved only for special ossaccions
Yesh that sure is. Do you know what they look for in your clothes to tell if you need the tailored?
Yes they look for collar gaps in them
yeah. Did you hear of that store in alabama that sells stuff left at airports?
Yes I bet you they have some pretty unique things in there
Yeah. Did you know Apple also had a clothing line in 1986?
Yeah I think that is gone now. Do you know what panda researchers wear?
Yes they have to wear panda costumes
Yeah. Did you know Sean Bean from Lord of the Rings is afraid of flying?
SO much that he hiked in custome up a hill for filming
Yeah. Johnny Depp travels in his Jack SParrow costume to visit kids in hospitals
That is so kind and they are impromptu visits so even better
I know Did you know the costume from the Labyrinth for hoggle got lost in shipping?
Yes and now is in a museum in Atlanta. Do you watch the Oscars?
Sometimes I do. DO you know who won it three time for best actor?
Yes that was Daniel Day Lewis
Yes. Do you know who has won the most Oscars?
Yes that would be Walt Disney with 22 Oscars
Yes, hard to reach for anyone else. Nice chat today
Do you like reading about superheroes such as black panther?
I do, Black Panther is one of my favorites, do you like heroes?
I sometimes do like browsing through them in comic books.
There's a lot you miss on the movies, so I like reading the comics, Chadwick Boseman is a great actor
Yes, I hear that he plays the main character in Black Panther.
Yeah he plays the role of Black Panther in the movie, did you know that he was the richest superhero out there
Yes, he apparently is worth $500 billion
More than Stak and Bruce Wayne combined how crazy is that
His father must have been very wealthy, he was crowned king after his father's death.
I guess he inherited all his money, well he does own a country so that makes sense
Do you think there will be more comic books about him?
I think thats a sure fact, so what other heroes do you like?
I don't really know, it's hard to choose from the 300 registered heroes in the US.
It is hard, my favorite is Batman though, I like Marvel comics better but Batman is Batman
Well then you must know that batman and some others were created by stan lee.
They were really? Stan Lee was a master of comic books, real genius a lot of imagination
The michigan state university probably has lots of copies of his work, they have the largest publicly available comic collection in the world
Wow is that so, sounds like a really complete library, they must have rare comic books in there. 
Most of it must be either from Marvel or from DC Comics.
Have you heard of Normalman before?
I don't know much about him, but I think he was the only one without a superpower on a planet full of superheroes.
Yeah thats the one, I will have to Google more about him, I hope you have a nice night, I think Im going to Google Normalman now
Ya, you too, nice chatting with you.
Do you have any favorite clothing?
Yeah, I generally have about three favorite items I wear till they fall apart, and take forever to replace them because I can't find anything new that's exactly the way I want. How about you?
Me too lol. I get hooked on some clothes and wear them until they wear out. How you heard about apples clothing line in 1986?
No, I never heard of it. My first reaction is hostile, but I'm curious to know what they were like. 
I agree too lol, I wonder why they haven't brought it back, I think the apple fanatics would be wearing it all the time
I dunno. If they did something like that in the 80s I'd figure they'd be all over expanding their "brand" today. They were a lot less horrible then.
That is a good point. Speaking of clothing, did you know pilgrims actually wore colorful clothing
I remember reading that. They also brewed beer. I think a lot of stuff identified with Puritanism -- teetotaling, etc. -- actually started a lot later with Wesleyanism and the Second Great Awakening.
wow that is awesome lol. I wish they would have taught us this kind of stuff in grade school. Nothing like pilgrim costumes in plays
There was a lot that was cool about them. 
For sure! Speaking of costumes did you know Johnny Depp dresses in his jack sparrow costume for sick kids at hospitals
No, I didn't! That's cool. It's nice to know he has some redeeming characteristics.
For sure! Would you ever work as a panda researcher?
That sounds like a wild job. I bet it would be really uncomfortable in the summer.
For sure, they get to dress like a panda to work with pandas, I would do it for a year i think lol
It would be weird being one of the people who tried to encourage the pandas to have sex. Apparently that's one of their main jobs.
Yikes, nevermind i take that back! lol! 
Most jobs taking care of animals have their gross side, unfortunately.
That is a valid point lol. It was so nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you too! 
Thanks, enjoy your weekend!
Have you seen Oceans 8? its a great movie
I haven't seen it yet, I hear it is really good.
It is, it has a great cast, the leading actress is Sandra Bullock, do you ever watch the movies with George Clooney?
I have watched a few of his movies, he's a really good actor. He's almost as good as Daniel Day-Lewis, he's the only actor to win best actor 3 times at the Oscars.
Daniel Day-Lewis is a great actor I agree, I also like DeCaprio, weird how Eminem has won more oscars than him, jhonny depp and others combined
That is pretty crazy, he doesn't have more than Walt Disney though! He holds the record for the most Oscars won by a man with 22 under his name. 
Wow I guess his talent is feflected on the amount of oscars he has under his name, 22 oscars is a lot
Yeah it is, did you know that Blazing Saddles was nominated for 3 Oscars?
No not really, did Blazing Saddles ever win? I didnt know  an award could be nominated for another award
I don't think they ever did. I didn't realize that could happen either, but I did hear that the Oscars were nominated for 9 Emmys in 2013.
Yeah 9 Emmys, how does that happen!!  so do you like to wear costumes?
I don't usually like wearing them, I kind of wish I was  Panda Researcher so I could wear a panda costume to work everyday.
That costumes can be really hot I guess, I like costumes, for intance the costume of Jack Sparrow, I heard Johnny Depp uses it to cheer children in hospitals
That's very nice of him. I've seen the Hoggle costume before. It was lost in shipping and now resides at the unclaimed baggage museum in Scottsboro, Alabama.
Thats amazing, at least it didnt get lost forever, uniforms worn by the alliance on Firefly are actually old starship troopers uniforms
Oh wow, that's pretty neat, I wonder if that helped them save money in the budget? I heard that Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming Lord of The Rings.
He did? he must be really scared to wear that costume all the way up, Sean Bean is a great actor
He is a really good actor. Did you know that Pilgrim clothing was full of color? They only wore black for special occasions.
I always though of pilgrims in a black and white way, I guess we took the black and white uniform out of context,
I guess we did too, because that's what I've always thought of as well. Did you know that Apple had a clothing line in 1986?
No I didnt, I would buy an Apple tshirt, I wonder why they dont have one anymore
I'm not sure, it would be cool to have though. I heard that Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea, but the label says Made in China. That's kind of odd.
That is odd, there is a store in Alabama that sells clothes from unclaimed luggage
Have you watched the Black Panther?
I have seen all the Marvel Movies Multiple times, you?
No, I actually have not seen it yet. I heard that he is actually the richest superhero.

He is with an estimated $500 billion. I think Marvel did a great job with the black panther story line as well as bringing them all together for the avengers. 

Yeah, I really should go check it out. I didn't know that he wasn't named after the black panther party
Too funny, some of the script that you'll see in the movie are factual.
I heard that the script is based on an actual ancient script called nsibdi.
That's right! it dates back as far as the 4th century. 
Have you read Black Panther in comic book form?
If i had it was so long ago i couldn't tell you. I was more of a superman batman fan, haha.
Do you like Marvel or DC comics?
Both but if i have to choose it's Marvel hands down, for me. you?
I guess I like Marvel. Did you know that they published a general comic book so that they could trademark the names superhero and supervillain?
Didn't know that. I did hear that the first released comic was in 1933.
Interesting. I guess comic strips had been around in newspapers for longer.
Yeah i remember family circle and of course the peanuts but apparently they were the first.
It is surprising to think that my grandparents may have enjoyed comic books. Have you heard of the superhero normalman?
Isn't he the one with no superpowers among a people with superpowers? 
That is him. There are over 300 registered superheroes. I don't know who they all are but that's still less than I expected.
How can you be a registered superhero? that sounds strange to me. Men and women firefighters to me are heroes police officers soldiers...etc
I think they just meant trademarked superheroes.
Hey, get any sun today?
Hello there, not too much it is only about 15 degrees outside today, how about yourself?  
No it hasn't risen yet. Where are you in the world?
I am in the United States, and its going to get much colder.  Did you know that the sun is actually white? Everyone perceives it as yellow though. 
Wow I wonder what dogs perceive it as. I just learned that the sun produces enough energy in a second to meet the need of all of planet earth for 500k years
Holy cow, that is an insane amount of energy.  I wonder how that is all even calculated. 
I wonder how someone figured that out.  Here's another one.  A lightning bolt is about 5x hotter than the surface of the sun.  Ouch!
That is crazy and people get hit by those and somehow survive!  I guess the sun is also 330,000 times the size of earth as well. 
Hah seems like a giant, BUT apparently the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star that has been discovered thus far in our galaxy
Yeah when you put it that way, it makes you feel even smaller lol.  On a different note, do you like horses much?
I'm fine with them. I actually saw and petted one yesterday while in a outdoor shopping mall. How about you? 
That's pretty cool, I haven't been near a horse for years. Did you know that dalmatians are thought to calm horses?
No I didn't. I bet Hildago's favorite movie was 101 Dalmations. 
Yeah I bet you are right.  I also heard that some high school students got suspended when they rode some horses to school on 'no vehicles to school day', I thought that was pretty lame. 
That's funny. I would just skip school. Speaking of movies though, Clint Eastwood had a mid-life allergy to horses even though he killed 3 men in one of his westerns for laughing at his horse. 
Yeah that is a strange fact, I know he was in plenty of westerns and was around lots of them.  And that is crazy!
Did you hear about the horse that people thought was a genius because he could do math, but really he was just reading the subconscious expressions of his owner to figure the answer?
No I never heard that, like you mean the owner was just tricking everyone?
No, the situation was the horse would be asked a question and then tap his hooves on the ground to communicate. And his owner would just make expressions subconsciously when the correct answer came about and the horse would pick up on it and stop tapping.
Oh now I understand, thanks.  That is pretty funny to say the least.  I have an aunt that still shows horses for competitions. 
She should teach it how to do calculus and wink at it whenever it makes the right answer
Yeah geez, that would make some serious money.  Well it was nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day when it comes!
Hi there, looking forward to chat with You ! ;)
Hello there! Do you like reading?
Yes, I love to read, why ?
Do you like non fiction or fiction?
I prefer fiction. Horrors mostly. You ?
I like non fiction when I do read. There's an interesting book by Jack London which tells about when he lived as a homeless person in the poorest sections of London. He did this for several months. This helped to expose the gap between the rich and the poor.
Interesting. Is that a recent position ? I don't remember seeing it in the bookstore...
It is a book from 1903.
hmm... ok... not recent then :) lol   You like old positions like that ?
I like both modern and old non fiction. Interestingly enough, country singer Jimmy Buffet is one of eight people to have both a fiction and nonfiction book get to number one on the New York Times best seller list. I wonder what they were about.
Oh, now that's really cool - I have to look up what was the fictional book about. Or maybe You know ?
No, I am not sure what the fictional book was. Apparently George W Bush liked ot read non fiction too. He read 186 historical nonfiction books and 14 biographies of Lincoln during his presidency.
Wow... sounds like really boring lecture :) for me I mean... but I guess it was pretty handy for him :)
It's interesting that he liked to read about Lincoln. Maybe it was more relevant for him since they were both presidents.
Maybe he took some tips from those books ? :)
Yes, I wonder if he did. Do you like poetry?
I like Nick Cave's poetry ;)
I don't really like poetry. Stanley Plumly is apparently a great poet who decided to turn to narrative nonfiction.
Interesting. I like dark poetry about people's weaknesses and our demons :)
Do you write any poetry? It seems like lots of authors often change their genre as time goes on.
Naah... I'm not good at that, but I like listening to singing poetry :)
Ah, that sounds like an interesting kind of poetry.
Have you, by any chance, ever viewed paintings by Turner or Constable, contemporaries born in 1775 - 1776, in museums?
No, but i would be interested to.  Are they good?
Yup. Now considered great painters. Both painted landscapes. Do you like that style of art?
Landscapes are my favorite style of paintings.  Are you familiar with Stanley Plumly who did nonfiction work of artists?
The poet? Yes, a bit. His language skills must have illuminated the lives of both British painters very well. Sublimely, maybe?
Perhaps, I believe his writings try to show what makes artist's work unique and lasting.  
Yes. I feel for poor, old Constable, who couldn't seem to sell paintings in  his lifetime. Seems to be the story of other artists, like Van Gogh...
It is nice to read about and try to understand the past.  Did you George W. Bush during his time in the White House read 14 biographies of Abraham Lincoln.
That many? Well, there a a lot of Lincoln works out there. Seem to recall that "W" was a historic non-fiction fan, too. How about you?
I like reading biographies.  I have a read a few about JFK.  I think i did this because when i growing i knew adults who were fascinated with him and wondering what the country would have been liked if he wasn't assassinated.
I get it. Don't honestly know of a really distinctive JFK biography, but I've got his book, Profiles of Courage, a non-fiction account of brave individuals I can really recommend. JFK could write well!
Yes, i read that many years ago.  Did he write that while recovering from his World War II injuries?
Right, though he never really recovered. Non-fiction writers take responsibility for truth in the events/people/info. they present. Contrast JFK's sublime ability to do that, with our current president's daily lies and misinformation...writers may make better leaders???
Perhaps.  I think our current president should become a fiction writer.
Well said. Maybe "The Art of the Deal" is just that: fiction. Are you familiar with the writer, Ellen G. White?
Is she the author who translates non-fiction?
Actually, I she she is the female non-fiction author who's the most translated into other languages. 
That is interesting.  Here's one you might know: Jimmy Buffet is only of one of eight people to have both a fiction and nonfiction book reach number 1 on the New York Times best seller list
Who would have guessed? Just goes to show that  the NYT best seller list doesn't always mean best written! I guess nothing beats the Bible for sales and impact, though. Great to talk with you. Blessings.
Its been good talking to you.  Sure you don't want to talk just a bit more?
Thanks. Another time, perhaps. Just have to finish a book this week-end! Cheers!!
Okay, hope to talk to you again
Regards.
Hi, do you know much about the Sun?
Hey there, I know some stuff, like that it is white and not yellow. 
Yeah atmospheric scattering must be really good at playing tricks like that on us. 
Haha yeah that is true. It makes up almost 100% of the mass of the solar system
Wow that is amazing. And it is so hot that we only need one second of its energy for 500 000 years
Wow that is very little for a lot in return. Sunsets on Mars are blue
Ohh I would like to see that. A lightning bolt is much hotter than the sun, 5 times to be exact 
That is a lot of energy packed in there. Did you know the sun does not rotate as a body?
Hmmm so how does that work?
Well the poles rotate slower than the equator.
Ohh that is pretty cool. The sun is still on bilionth of the biggest star in the galaxy
Wow that really puts things into perspective. Do you by any chance like animals?
I do. I have a cat and two dogs. How about you?
I have a dog only but I also like horses. When they leave Iceland they are not allowed to return there
Wow I wonder why. Do you know why dalmatians are associated with firefighters?
Hmm to be honest I ave no idea. But speaking of horses. their hair lengths is related to the amount of sun they get 
That is pretty cool and dalmatians are because they can calm down horses and protect them
Wow what a bond they must have then . Did you know horses are ticklish?
What? haha that is so funny did not realize they are. Clint Eastwood who is always on movies with horses is apparently kind of allergic to them
Wow that is ironic. Yeah and it is not just horses that are ticklish, sharks and orangutans as well
Wow that is so amazing, I had no idea
Hi, how are you? Do you like fantasy and fiction?
I do! I hope to read a really interesting sounding book by Bacigalupi and Buckell called "The Tangled Lands." Have you heard of it?
No, I have not. What is it about?
It's got to do with living in a fantasy world where there is magic, but it is forbidden. The reason for the magic ban is pretty interesting, too.
Magic exists but is banned? Interesting. And if you are caught using magic, what happens?
Well, according to what I've read, this fantasy world will grow vines that choke out everything and will put you to sleep if you touch them.
Hm, well that's no good. I guess I should refrain from using magic. Nobody uses it then? That's a shame.
There's a kind of scientist in the story-line that tries to combat the bramble vines. I wonder if he is ever successful?
A scientist? Interesting. Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
The book also has some type of mad spirit, too. I wonder how the scientist would explain it and if he tries to stop it like the vines?
Well, I guess the only way to find out is to read the book! LOL What other fiction do you like?
I read all of the Black Stallion fiction books as a kid. I had a lot of books I liked but really can't remember them all! Which fiction books do you like?
Wow, that goes back a long way. I haven'tread those books in years. I don't read much fiction. Ususally non fiction. I enjoyed sci fi and fantasy. LOTR.
I still haven't read the LOTR books, unfortunately. I was waiting to get some type of special collector edition from a local bookstore that sells lots of classic fiction books. I love the movies, too. Great fantasy!
Yes, the best, really. So many imitators. What about Neil Gaiman? He's good too.
I haven't, but I am interested to read his stuff. Have you read any fictions by James Michener? I loved the book he wrote about Hawaii!
Oh, he wrote a ton of books about different countries and cultures. No I haven't. I guess I should. What's his best?
Definitely the one about Hawaii! It's happy, sad, inspirational, satisfying, etc... Did you know there are a bunch of fiction books based on Jim Henson's "the Dark Crystal?"
Didn't know that. Is that for kids?
Yes, when I was a kid I remember watching the movie with little puppets. It's sort of scary. I guess Henson said he believed it wasn't healthy for children to never be frightened. You never saw it?
I might have, I don't remember. He's right. Fear is normal. All emotions exist to help us understand ourselves and the world.
It definitely scared me. So did a skit on Sesame Street, though! What a fantasy world Sesame Street is, right?! Have you heard of the place you can study fiction and fantasy lit?
There are probably programs in small colleges where you could. That is probably perfect for some students. Anyway, great chat!
You should look up that fantasy fiction lit University. You can even concentrate on Tolkien studies there!
What do you think about Scientists?
I think scientists are very interesting. We need more of them, did you know that there is a rocket scientist that is a coach for the NFL by the way
I didn't know that, who is it? 
His name is Matt Patricia and he's an aeronautical engineer
Interesting. Is he any good? 
I'm not sure actually, but he is smart so he is probably good LOL. What do you think about the fact that it is illegal to own a rabbit in Queensland unless you are either a scientist or magician
That is weird, do you happen to know why that is? Seems sort of odd, right? 
Not sure, I guess they're just very strict with their rabbits LOL. What do you like about fantasy stuff by the way? Have you ever done fantasy football
I'm not huge into fantasy stuff, I've never done fantasy football. I don't have enough free time for that, what about you?. 
Yeah I don't play fantasy sports, but I do watch fantasy movies like The Lord of the Rings, The Lord of the Rings Return of the King actually won best picture at the Academy Awards
I saw a few of those, I don't think I saw the last one of the series, was it any good? 
Yep that was the last one that won the award, I actually like the first one the best but they are all pretty good
What about game of thrones, do you watch that? The acting is really good. 
Yeah I do like game of throne I can't wait for the new season to come out in april, what about you
I've only seen up to season 3, but I think Dinklage and the kid that played Joffery were great at their jobs. 
Yep I agree with you. I also like the books that Game of Thrones is based on, they are works of fiction, do you read at all
I do, but I tend to read fiction for some reason. Right now I'm reading Hunter S.' Hell's Angels. 
I heard that's a good book. Did you hear about the judge in the fifties tried to ban a comic book because there was a black character in it 
No, what judge was it? 
I don't know his name but it was in the 50s, luckily I think that time has passed
Well, nice chatting with you. 
Did you watch Black Panther?
No, it is on my watch list. Tell me about it. Is this a genuine Marvel film or a rip-off?
I liked it, I think you should watch it, it set a record as it eard $235 million in just 4 days.
Cool. Is this the film starring Chadwick Boseman I saw advertised?
Yeah Chadwick Boseman is one of the leading actors, he is 41 years old but looks a lot younger.
Probably a vegan like Tom Brady. Meat ages a person faster, although living without meat makes mealtime drag, so maybe it is an illusion. In any event, Glad Boseman made the cut. He played the role in Captain America: Civil War. I hate it when actors swap characters.
I  know I wouldnt to be able to live without meat lol, I just love it too much, and he did? what role did he play in Captain America? he was Black Panther in that film as well right?
Yup. It's nice to see a Marvel film with a predominantly black cast. A great actor can play any role, but you can't fake skin color. No need to when there are so many good actors of every color/race.
I agree with you and also Danai uirira and Lupita Nyongo, they also had a great performance in the movie
Nice. I may have to watch it on Netflix today. You know the script for the movie is based on a Nigerian script dating back to the 4th century? Not that I'm that old, but I appreciate continuity!
I didnt know that! that is an interesting fact and you should watch it for sure, Black Panther is a movie thats celebrated as a shift for a more positive thinking attitude in Africa, its a movie thats making history so you wouldnt want to miss that.
Yeah, maybe I'll invite some frinds over to watch and we'll have a Black Panther Party. Of course, it will have nothing to do with the political group, just like the movie is unrelated to the political group. I could rename it a Black Leopard Party, but it does not have the same poetic ring to it.
And people wont understand if you call it like that lol, you know Black Panther is considered the richest hero, more than Stark and Batman combined, thats crazy!
Poor Tony Stark. I feel for the poor rich guy...not. Hey, did you know Denzel Washington had a hand in Chadwick Boseman's rise to fame? 
I didnt know that, how did Denzel contribute to his rise to fame?
As I understand it, Denzel paid for Chadwick to attend a prestigious summer theater program in Oxford 20 years ago. Denzel is a class act! If you have not seen his YouTube inspirational speaches, you should check them out!  So, 20 years later, Chadwick gets to thank Denzel for it during the premiere! Awesome story!
That is a great thing to do, Chadwick is going to be in his debt forever, you know that Marvel created a hero for a kid that had to wear hearing aids but felt bad about it, its called Blue Ear.
News to me!  If it gets made into a film, I hope it does not flop at the box office like Disney's Treasure Planet! 
I think it could be a successful movie, I bet that kid will watch it for sure so thats one viewer, Sony had the chance to buy the cinematic rights to almost every Marvel hero but only bought the rights of Spiderman
Studios are known to be risk adverse. They have been burned too many times. Like the movie, Trojan Wars, that shelled out $15 mil for production and earned only $309 at the box office. How does that happen? I could make more with a showing in my garage...
Maybe it didnt have a good adverticement and was a terrible movie with a lame plot.
Black panther is an American superhero film based Marvel comics character.
Yes.  The Disney smash hit grossed over $192 million over the weekend!
Black panther has ascended so fast at the box office. It has the biggest opening ever for a stand-alone film, It Created a biggest box of office in opening show day history all over the world.
It was and it is the 18th film in the Marvel universe!
The film received many awards and nominations, 91st academy awards including best picture.
Only 4 other movies had bigger opening debuts - Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Star Wars: The Last Jedi, Jurassic World, and the Avengers.
It is the highest grossing film in America and Canada and second highest grossing film 2018 in the world wide. It shows the director and actor hard works.
Yes.  The richest superhero is the Black Panther.
Yes, Tony stark and Bruce wayne is also the richest actor.
Yes!  The symbols and written script featured in Black Panther are based on an actual script called Nsibdi.
Marvel comics is the brand name and primary in publication of the comics book. Later then, they are moved to movies also.
Yes!  I had some of the Marvel comics when I was a kid.  Black Panther was almost changed to Black Leopard in order to avoid confusion with the controversial group.
Marvel comics created superhero, blue ear, just for a 4 year old boy who was uncomfortable wearing hearing aids It really very amazing.
That is amazing!  The Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentines day in 1991 and had a box office of over $270 million!
Why is your favourite superhero character ?
If I had to pick one, I would pick Iron Man.  Did you know that Disney's Treasure Planet was one of the most expensive box office flops of all time?
Yeah. Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after sleeping beauty was a box office failure. 
I can't believe that they would consider shutting that down.  Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes. He is the highest all time box office star.
Yes!  His movies have made over $8.5 billion dollars at the box office!  I had fun chatting with you!
Very nice chatting with you. Have a great day.
You have a great day too
Do you like Marvel Movies?
i am not really a fan of those movies but i am familiar and have read a lot of information about them
Black panther grossed over 200 million in the first four days of its release. 
wow that is a lot for the first days of release
You should really try to watch it. I think that all marvel movies are awesome! do you know who the main characters are?
i am familiar with the lead ,black panther character, but i havent gone in depth with them. speaking of characters did you know There is one character owned by both marvel and dc, named access, whose sole purpose is to try to keep both companies' universes separate.
I didnt know that. I was however surprised when Disney bought Marvel. 
i am not surprised. its a big money maker, Disney does not own the rights to show "big" marvel characters (avengers, x-men, spider-man, etc) in theme parks east of the mississippi, due to a contract marvel signed with universal studios in the 90s
That's right the Walt Disney Company only acquired Marvel Entertainment, Marvel Worldwide's parent company. Marvel started in 1939 as Timely Publications, and by the early 1950s, had generally become known as Atlas Comics.
In 1998, marvel offered the cinematic rights of almost all of its characters to sony for a mere $25 million. sony rejected the offer, and only purchased the rights to spiderman for $10 million believing that movie audiences would only care about him...imagine missing the opportunity to buy the rights or so cheap
I know they are really kicking themselves about that. Many people are using the movie to celebrate a shift towards a more positive empowering potrayal of people from africa
yep. did you know that the writtings and symbols in black panther werent just made up, the are based on a script called nsibdi, going back to the 4th century from present day nigeria
Yeah symbolism is everywhere. Personally i think the villain played by Michael B Anthony stole the show. His name in the film was Killmonger.  
i have heard a lot of people say that exact same thing. maybe i should watch the movie to see for myself
You want be disappointed. Did you know that the black Panther is the richest super hero, worth $500 billion.  
i did know that. that is more money than tony stark and bruce wayne
I think its pretty funny that they had to go to court arguing that mutants are not human.
yeah..but in the end it they got a cheaper price on items since it is a toy and not human
Yeah i guess thats the bottom line.
yes. these industries live by the same rule wu-tang clan does, C.R.E.A.M.   cash rules everything around me
Indeed! I did think it was sentimental that they created a superhero with a hearing impairment. His name was Blue ear, have you heard of him?
i read something about him .was made to help a kid who didn't like the idea of hearing aids
Did you know Marvel got to play a lower rate on toys because they said mutants aren't people?
I did not know that ! Are you a comics fan? Did you know that Black Panther is one of the top grossing movies ever?
I heard that it was! Have you seen it? I haven't even watched it yet.
I have not. I have seen a couple of the Comic Movies.  This one set records for having a huge opening by a black director.
The Black Panther is supposedly worth $500 billion. That's more than Apple, I think! 
I wonder where he got his money? I did read that his name Black Panther has nothing to do with the Black Panthers from the '60s.
I saw that it is from something calld nisibdi, which goes back to the 4th century in Nigeria. It's more likely the party was named after him. 
Did you know that Marvel comics sold the screen rights of its characters for 25 million to Sony? Sony turned them down and offered 10 million only for Spiderman? They thought that was the only character people would be interested in.
Do you think it's because Sony only wanted to create video games from the movies? I have to admit that I like the Spider Man movies the most. The whole AI situation with IronMan I find a little creepy. 
I did enjoy spiderman but some of the avengers are getting difficult to keep up with! I can't believe that Disney owns the rights to produce the movies but can't use it in there parks. I know Universal Theme Park has the spiderman ride.
Wow! I didn't know Universal had a Spiderman Ride. I knew that Disney owned the Star Wars franchise, now, but Marvel.
On another note, Did you know that Tom Hanks is the highest all time box office star?
I think I heard that he was. What movie did he make the most money on?
I am not sure, but I would guess it was the action one about the Vatican Scandal.Can you believe that Silence of the Lamb came out on Valentines Day? 
No. I didn't remember when the movie came out. I know that I was in college because I wanted to be a prosecutor until I saw that movie.
Yikes! Disney's biggest flop was Treasure Planet. I have never heard of it!
I have heard of it, but I always get it confused with the Muppets Treasure Island. 
HahA! I do remember hearing that Denzel Washington had supported an actor through college. I read that it was Chadwick Boseman who got to thank him as the Black Panther premiere.
That was super nice of Denzel Washington. Of course to Denzel, that money was probably pocket change. Now, Chadwick Boseman will have enough money to support someone else after playing the Black Panther.
I like the truly kindness in people. Did you know that the superhero creators made Blue Ear to make a boy feel better about wearing hearing aids?
No, I didn't, but I love that idea! Hope you have a good night! 
hi.  do you like science fiction
I do enjoy science fiction quite a bit, as well as all sorts of fiction. It certainly says something that Lord of the Rings won the only academy award for best picture for a fantasy film. 
By the way, do you want to be a scientist
No, I think that science is interesting but not something I want to study with my life's energy. I do find it shocking to hear that we have reached the point of storing gif images onto the DNA of bacteria!
Did you know that Akihito, the emperor of Japan is a scientist
No, that's amazing! I love to learn about people in various roles who are secretly scientists, such as Matt Patricia who is a coach for the NFL but also a rocket scientist.
He does not look like a scientist to me
The coach or the Japanese emperor? I think it's important to note that being a scientist does not automatically make someone "bright."
I concur.  Being knowlegable in one thing does not guarantee in the others
Exactly, although it does seem like older scientists such as William Whewell from 1833, were more fancy and legitimate than some of the people today. 
Did you know Harrison schmitt was the only scientist to walk on the moon
No, I had never heard of him only the classics like Armstrong and Aldrin! It's no wonder though since the scientists are the ones who do all of the hard work. In fact much of our culture and modern knowledge stems from the early form of science which was called natural philosophy. 
I thought that there should be a lot more of them walking on the moon already
I guess it gets complicated when science is so wrapped up in every industry such as government, academie, nonprofits and most importantly the economy. They must not be able to afford it. 
I was surprised that the world wide web was invented in 1989.  I thought it was way before that
It is a bit nerve inducing though when you think about the plots of shows like "Black Mirror"
I have never watched that show.  What was it about
It is an anthology series that features various horror plots about the modern technology and other things like that. 
Ohh, I see.  I am going to watch it if I have time
I haven't watched it much though yet, I find all of this technol so creepy especially the storing data in DNA bit!
Happy holiday
You too
bye
DO you like watching the marvel comic movies?
I do! They are some of my favorites- how about you?
I love them, Black Panther was one of my favorites. So much awesomeness in that film, did you like it?
I loved it! I didn't realize though that the character wasn't actually named after the Black Panther party. I always thought it might be connected, but apparently the super hero predates the party. 
Me too, I did not know that either, it would make sense because of the black part. He is also the richest superhero at 500 billion dollars
I read that too! That's crazy. Did you know Disney doesn't own any rights to use big marvel characters east of the Mississippi? I've always wondered why they never had any marvel things at disneyland- I guess thats why!
that is interesting! I did not know that, I have only been to Florida. Who is your favorite marvel character?
Spiderman for sure! Did you know that Sony got offered the rights to all Marvel characters in 1998, but rejected it and purchased Spiderman only because they didn't think people would care about the others?
Nice I love me some spiderman! I heard Stan Lee created Iron man because he didn't think anyone would like them. Speaking of disney before, did you hear about their biggest box office flop?
Really? its hard to imagine anyone not liking Iron Man. And no, I didn't hear- what was it?
It was treasure planet, they spent 15000000 on it and made only 309 dollars! I can't believe that to be true!
Oh my gosh I've never even heard of that! $309 is nothing!
right! I want to watch it to see how bad it really was. I wonder if they pulled it out of embarrassment and many people being fired
For real! I want to see it too! Did you know Sleeping Beauty was a box office failure too? 
I did not know that, I did hear one movie made Disney almost shut down their animation studios, must have been that
Yeah that was it! Crazy to think Disney animation could have ended that soon- so many good movies would never have been made!
For sure, I love Frozen and Moana. Frozen was the first movie directed by a woman for disney
I love both of those too! I didn't know Frozen was directed by a female- really cool! Was Moana as well?
I am not sure, but it was a box office hit! Good chatting with you!
Good chatting with you as well!
bye!
Hi, how are you?
Pretty good thanks for asking, you?
I'm groovy. Did you know that the emperor of Japan is a scientist? I guess he has time among his other official duties.
Yeah i heard he still to this day publishes papers

Sometimes I wonder what these scientists are getting up to. Harvard scientists stored a gif animation of a galloping horse in the DNA of bacteria. Um, what about a cure for cancer?
No money in that!! i feel the same way. The term scientist didnt even become of regular use until the 19th century.
The Web was invented pretty recently,  in 1989,  by a scientist working in switzerland for the CERN. Tim Berners Lee. The guy is a legend, but probably brought human productivity iin the work place to a standstill.
Wow i did not know that. however was it funded by a European-state?  
Yeah, CERN is in Europe. It's a big research facility. Did you know that  in the 1950s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it featured a black character? I can't imagine that happening in Europe.
Yeah unfortunately some ppl are mean and hateful. Did you know that Fantasy Congress is a real thing
People will wager on anything. It's good to take an interest in politics but I don't think those people that do Fantasy Congress care about real-world implications, just whether they win.
Yeah your right! Julius Caesar wrote fantasy.
He had an active imagination, which probably helped him as a general. 
Probably! did you know that Edgar Allen Poe wrote the first known example of what we would call a cyborg.
The guy was certainly macabre. Great imagination. But married a 13 yo if I recall correctly.
Yeah he was clearly interesting
But left an entertaining legacy for us! I agree with George RR Martin about fan fiction. It's usually awful.
harrison schmitt was the only scientist to walk on the moon
I guess you need to be in great shape to go to the Moon. Soon there will be commercial travel to the Moon and every old lady with a dog will be going.
Funny! but if old Newt Gingrich gets hes way will have a colony there soon. 
Well, I enjoyed chatting!
Did you know that there is a Fantasy draft for the national spelling bee? 
That is crazy! I wonder how it works?
Me too. You know there was a janitor in Chicago that wrote 15,145 pages over 6 years. Wow!
That is crazy. It is unfortunate that is was discovered after his death. It would have been nice if he was alive.
Yes one can hope right! It was a Fantasy manuscript with over 300 watercolor illustrations. Do you remember what it was called? 
It was called "in the realms of the unreal". Creative name.
Yeah real catchy title right. Makes me want to open it up. Apparently there was a guy that got Knighted for his service to Literature. You know him?
Was it the comedic fantasy author terry pratchett? 
It was good for him i wonder what it's like to be knighted? Did you know a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy? 
That is crazy! I would think it would be more than just a fold!
Yeah me too, lets us know how close we are to insanity. lol! Do you like fiction?
Some fiction. Have you ever used wiki to see the ranks for fictional characters?
I did not know they even did that i'll have to check it out. What do they rank them by i wonder.
They rank according to their powers and abilities. 
Oh ok that makes sense, lol. Did you know that Caesar wrote fan fiction? 
He wrote fan fiction about hercules and oedipus in his youth!
Yeah that sounds cool. You know Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction? 
I did not know that! The ravens football team is after his works.
To funny! Fiction refers to any narrative that is derived from the imagination. 
Further, it is not based strictly on history or fact. 
And can also refer more narrowly to narratives written only in prose. 
I might go to the library and find some fiction books. Have a nice day. 
I thought the black panther movie was generic and not that good
I respect that opinion. I personally thought the movie was very well made and introduced many interesting characters. Earning 235 million at the box office is quite a feat.
That is impressive, I think this whole thing about the strong feminist characters is very overblown, I thought females portrayed in movies like Terminator 2 and Aliens are more realistic, they are women that are bad ass but in a realistic way
I did enjoy both Terminator 2 and the Aliens movies. I think that we need to have women who are bad ass in all areas. Adding in a General and Spy to those ranks is good for women. What did you think of the idea of having an all female protection squad like the Dora Milaje?
Ya I mean that is fine. It says in this article that their sex appeal is obvious but secondary to their personality and skill. They didn't have a personality in my opinion, I guess they had skill but I find it very unrealistic that they are killing people who have guns with like swords and spears
I think that requires a suspension of belief which it sounds like didn't quite cross the gap for you. The comics go much more into detail of why Wakanda's weapons are swords and spears as you put it but that is quite a bit for a movie to explain until Ripley's weapons in the Aliens movies or Terminator weapons. Even though I did enjoy the movie I didn't think it was more than a weekend activity.
well I appreciate your honestly and I'm not judging you for your opinion, I'm reading through and it says that black panther is actually the richest marvel superhero, even more than tony stark, which I didn't know
That is true, although to be Frank that's like comparing Spiderman (Tony Stark) to Batman (Black Panther) which is not really fair. Tony developed all his own technology and Black Panther had a lot of help and inherited his wealth though his country. I did like that Dorothy Steel was able to make her acting debut as the old woman in Black Panther. Sometimes people get a dream late.
ya that is nice, and he would be richer than even tom hank's entire box office draw at 8.5 million, which is a ton, also that is so weird that silence of the lambs came out on valentines day
What a creepy Valentine's Day debut! Yeah, Tony STark is my favorite Avenger as I like seeing how far his character has come to far. I hope he mentors Black Panther and the rest of the Avengers but that Avengers: Endgame doesn't look like he will get the chance. I wonder if Marvel will ever show the Blue Ear superhero in the Avengers.
Ah I haven't heard of the blue ear, I do think its funny that marvel tried to sell sony all their properties in 98 but they refused, and now marvel is making so much money as sony's superhero movies are pretty terrible, in my opinion
Yeah, Blue Ear was a character created for a 4-year old child who was uncomfortable wearing hearing aids. I did not know Marvel tried to sell to Sony. That's so funny when you think about it now. Did you know Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel comics in the 1990s?
nope I didn't know that either, I wonder how much he offered, I know they were in bad shape for some part of the 90's, it's good that they're back on track now
Yeah, it is good they are back on track. If we look back though you can find may movies in the past did very well. Look at the original Star Wars movies which if we adjusted for inflation would have made 1.3 billion at the box office.
ya that is crazy, it's also wild that walt disney owns marvel and the star wars movies, they really have exploded and its funny they were thinking about closing their doors when sleeping beauty was a box office failure
It is wild that Walt Disney has acquired all these properties. Not only Sleeping Beauty was a box office failure but other movies like John Carter and Children of Men which when we look back in time both were considered failure but Children of Men lost 8 million at the box office.
oh wow I didn't know children of men only made that much, I actually like that movie a lot, I did remember disney's treasure planet movie, that was a huge bomb, I saw it recently its ok but I can see why it wasn't successful
Yeah, it's sad that Children of Men lost that much money but ironic that Mortal Kombat 2 was the first video game to make more than Hollywood Box office sales before Call of Duty. However there are more losses which were actually wins as well like Lord of the Rings which had major losses despite being a huge box office success.
Ya that is surprising, have you seen the movie trojan wars? budget of 15 million and made only $309? thats hilarious I'm gonna look it up now
I have not seen Trojan Wars but I will check it out sometime. Thanks for chat and remember you can't loss more money than Marvel or the Fantastic Four movies.
haha thanks nice talking with you
Have you seen Black Panther film?
I did. I saw it was just nominated for several Oscars including best picture. Did you know that he is the richest superhero?
Yes, i know a little bit. i think 'Black Panther' Stars Share Real-Life Inspirations.
I was not aware of that. That makes for nice relationships on set. Black Panther the character is estimated to be worth $500 billion. To compare, Tony Stark has $100 billion. 
Do you like Chadwick Boseman?
Black Panther is the only movie I've ever seen him in. He did a good job in that movie. 
He is known for his portrayal of T'Challa.
Yes that is the only role I've ever seen him in. Danair Gurira was in it and I had seen her in The Walking Dead so she was the one I was most familiar with. 
Have you know the details of box office?
I know some facts about box office returns. Like Tom Hanks is the highest box office star.
Yes, he is an American actor and filmmaker. Hanks is known for his comedic and dramatic roles in such films as Splash, Big, Turner & Hooch
Yes he has had lots of hits. Later he had movies like Saving Private Ryan which is amazing. Did you know that Sleeping Beauty was a box office failure? That surprises me but it's not always the best indication of success because I know several bombs that became hits later. 
I think, Walt saw the potential to sell guests at his groundbreaking theme park on his upcoming film and renamed it Sleeping Beauty Castle before its grand opening.
He certainly made a good business decision there. I can't believe that they opened The Silence of the Lambs on Valentine's Day! It worked out for them though because they made $270 in box office returns. 
Yes, Disney also has some of the biggest box office flops of all time.
That's very surprising to me. They seem to be doing just fine though. Speaking of since Disney just acquired Marvel, do you enjoy Marvel?
Yes, I like it. Marvel Comics Group, a publisher of American comic books and related media. 
I like a lot of their properties and movies. I did not know that there is a character named Access that is owned by both Marvel and DC. They are such strong competitors that it surprises me. 
Me also like their movies. that's interesting.
But Marvel is a savvy business so I'm sure it benefited them somehow. Did you know that they had to pay less for their toys because dolls are more expensive and they won an argument in court by saying that X-Men are mutants and not people so they can't be dolls?
Sorry i do not know about this. do you know that details?
Basically they argued in court that X-Men characters were mutants and not people so they paid less to distribute the toys because they were then classified as toys instead of dolls and dolls cost more. 
Did you happen to see the Black Panther movie?
Yes, I rented the movie from my cable company.
I did not see it yet, but I want to eventually. 
You definitely should!  It did very well and was well received by most people.
I heard it had the 5th biggest opening ever, that is very impressive. 
I agree.  I love the Avengers series.  I try to see as many of them as I can.  Do you enjoy them as well?
I haven't seen any of the Avengers movies actually.  I did read that Avengers; Age of Ultron had a huge box office total as well. 
Yes, but I'm not sure of the future of the series since Disney bought the company.
I heard that as well.  Are you a Marvel Comics fan in general?
I would consider myself one yes.  Especially since I read they made a super hero with a hearing aid just because a boy was uncomfortable with how own.
I used to like reading the comics when I was younger.  I heard that in 1998 Marvel offered all the movie rights to almost all the characters to Sony and they rejected. 
Well that is good news for Disney!  They are doing well it seems, since Star Wars out earned prequels by 1.3 billion.  I bet Disney will do well with these upcoming movies.
Yeah I think buying the Star Wars rights was a brilliant move, that should pay off for years to come. 
It is hard to believe Black Panther made 192 million dollars in just one weekend though.  Very impressive for a movie they were unsure would be popular.
Yeah I agree, and I think they will make a bunch more Black Panther movies and others similar. 
It's hard to say if they will do as well, though.  I think a lot of the success has to be because of Coogler.  Creed was also a great movie that did very well.
Yeah I agree again, Coogler was a huge part of the success it has seen. 
Can't really give all the credit to one person though.  The main actor Michael Jordan was a great choice for the role.
Yeah I think he is a really good actor.  I enjoyed Creed much more than I was anticipating. 
Do you go to the box office to buy your tickets or do you usually buy them online or some other source?
I usually buy them online, so I can pick my seat and know that I have a ticket. 
My local theaters are usually not very busy, so I just buy them at the box office.
I can understand that then.  It was nice chatting with you today. 
It was nice chatting with you as well.  Take care.
Yep, have a good night. 
You too!
Hi!  Are you a fan of superheroes?
i dont really follow comics and superheroes much. You?
Not much really. lol I've been reading about them this morning.  There are over 300 registered superheroes in the United States.
How does one register a superhero? i would like to have my own superhero.
I have no idea!  I think you can register anything that you create.  There was a Garfield book series spinoff named Pet Force which featured Garfield and his gang as superheroes. lol
that probably was funnier than the regular garfield. why was that comic even started? I never liked it.
LOL  I have no idea.  There was a comic series about fixing the collateral damage caused by superheroes.
what a job. cleaning up the mess of heroes. a thankless job. i wonder how much it paid.
Probably not much.  Marvel comics creator Stan Lee wrote 15 DC Comics, re-imagining popular superheroes like Batman and Spiderman.  They were squeezing all the cash they could out of them even back in the day. lol
I wonder why stan was working for DC. i guess they paid him a ton. 
Probably.  What do you do when you run out of new ideas for superheroes?
Um, i guess you hire a team of monkeys, stick them in front of typewriters, and have them work for a hundred years?
LOL  close...you create a new superhero called "Normalman" and you make him the only person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes!  Lol
opposite world? that sounds like a weird place. normalman is anything but normal on that planet.
lol  Disney does not own the rights to show big Marvel charactes in theme parks East of the Mississippi due to a contract Marvel signed with Universal Studios in the 90s.  Interesting.
disney seems to be buying more and more. they have marvel, star wars. in the future, it will all be disney. 
You're not kidding there.  Marvel comics created a superhero called Blue Ear just for a 4 year old boy who was uncomfortable wearing hearing aids which he needed.  The boy told his mom that superheroes don't wear hearing aids so Marvel then created the character.
That is really cool of Marvel. I bet the kid was stoked to see that
I bet he was. Good to see a feel good story like that.  It's been fun chatting with you!  I learned a lot about superheroes and comics! lol
Yes, i enjoyed chatting too! Have a good day!
You have a good day as well!
Hello there, are you a comic book fan?
I'm not very into reading them, but I'm a sucker for any Marvel or DC Comic movie!
I haven't seen too many of the films, but I used to read the comics and watch Xmen a lot.  
Ah. So you didn't see Blank Panther? It was awesome.
No I didn't see that one but heard it was really good. 
Yeah, I didn't know Black Panther is technically the richest superhero. Tony Stark is second, but way far off than BP.
That is crazy, I never knew there was one that had more money than those two. 
Yeah, apparently Black Panther is estimated to be worth around $500 billion, while Tony Stark is only $100 million. Bruce Wayne networth is $80 billion. I guess it makes sense, Black Panther is like, the king of a whole country.
I will have to see the movie, it will most likely make more sense then.  
It's basically about a king who became king when his father dies, then another guy challenges the legitimacy of his sovereignty and they duke it out.
That is interesting, I head they used historical symbols in the movie as well. 
Yeah, some symbols from as early as the 4th century.
Wow, that is very cool, I love it when they use historical stuff in movies. 
Apparently, the name for Black Panther predates the political group. That's weird.
That is weird, I think they briefly changed the name to avoid being confused with the party. 
Yeah, I can see how that would be a little controversial. They also had an issue with an Indian translation because one of the character's sayings because it was a villain praising a Hindu God.
That is true, I think they made changes as to not offend anyone and it backfired. 
Did you know the creator of Marvel, Stan Lee, envisioned several DC Comics characters? That would be neat to see.
No I didn't, yeah that would be very cool to see what he had up his sleeve. 
Yeah, I wonder what Batman or Superman would be in a Marvel-style world. Way more colorful and humorous!
Right, well we can wonder.  It's been good talking with you today, I hope you have a good one!
Did you watch the Black Panther movie?
i did, i saw it in theaters last year and loved it. Did you?
I loved it as well, Chadwick Boseman is a great actor, I loved his role on the movie
yea he was great as TChala, but Michael B Jordan was even better. His performance as Killmonger was amazing
I agree, his role in the movie was great, you know that in the comics he is the richest superhero
I don't doubt it, he is a diplomat from a raw material rich nation. though I'm kind of surprised he has more than Tony Stark
Yeah more than Stark and Batman combined 2 times
wow. Did you know Sony actually turned down all of these film rights back in the day when they only cost a measily 25 million? they only wanted Spidey
I bet they are regretting that decision now since each hero is worth like a hundred times more that value, Spiderman is my favorite hero though
he's definitely up there for me. Back then though I bet no one had any idea all of these heroes would be so huge. really only XMen, Fantastic 4, and Spiderman were the well known Marvel properties, which were all snatched up
Do you have a favorite Marvel hero? mine is Tony Stark he is a badass
I like a lot of them but my favorites might be Spiderman or Wolverine. Everyone is pretty awesome though. I wish Hugh Jackman wasn't done with the role, he was perfect for it
I agree and it would be nice to watch a Deadpool vs Wolverine movie, it would be awesome! like one of the highest box office movies of all time
seriously, with how popular Deadpool is and how much publicity their "feud" is getting lately. Maybe this is all some sort of grand marketing scheme?
It could be, there are a lot of hints in the Deadpool movie about a merge including both
that would be awesome to see. Did you know Stan Lee has actually written 15 comics for DC? he's not just a Marvel guy
That's amazing, I have to read those, there's is a hero called Blue Ear, the story behind his creation is an interesting one
is it? I've never heard of him before, tell me about it
Ok so Blue Ear is a hero created for a 4 year old boy who felt insecure about his hearing aid devices, so Marvel created the hero to help him and his mom
oh that's so nice of them! making all kids feel like they can be a hero too
I know right, helping a kid like that, an admirable thing to do, I wish more companies followed that example, Robert Downey Jr also cheers up children with special conditions.
Hi how are you?
I'm great thanks. Did you see the movie Black Panther?
I did but I fell asleep through most of it. Did you?
I have not seen it yet. The richest superhero is Black Panther. Did you know that?
I did! He has an estimated 500 billion dollars!
That's crazy! The symbols in Black Panther are based on an actual script called Nsibdi.
Nsibdi dated back to the 4th century and is indigenous to present day nigeria!
That's pretty old then. Black Panther was actually not named after the Black Panther party. 
Makes sense! He is worth more than Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne combined!
That's insane. Do you like Marvel?
I do! Did you know Disney does not own the rights to show big marvel characters in theme parks east of the Mississippi?
I did not know that. That's really interesting.
It was due to a contract Marvel signed with universal in the 90s.
Interesting. There is one character owned by both Marvel and DC who's name is Access.
I heard his only purpose is to try and keep both companies universes separate.
That's odd. Did you know there was a comic series about fixing the collateral damage caused by superheroes?
I did not. Probably a good idea since they cause so much damage.
I agree. There are over 300 registered superheroes in the United States.
That is so many. My uncle actually was friends with Stan Lee who wrote 15 dc comics.
That's pretty awesome! I can't believe he passed away recently. He lived a long life though. Filled with lots of fun and adventure.
Yes he definitely lived a good life.
Well it was great chatting with you. Tell your uncle sorry for his loss.
Did you watch Black Panther?
Not yet, but I have heard good things about it and am looking forward to seeing it. You?
I watched it and really liked it, the leading actor really sole the role of T'Challa
Black Panther is supposed to be the richest superhero. Does it show in the movie?
It does, he is basically the king of Wakanda, theres a lot of cool tech in the movie
So, is it like batman, or what? Black Panther has $500 billion vs $80 billion for Bruce Wayne, so he could afford some pretty nice tech gadgets!
Yeah kind of, only richer than him and Stark together
Nice. So, I heard Forest Whitaker is in this movie. I enjoy his performances in other movies. What is his role in this?
Im not sure, he is part of the cast but I cant recall who he is, the cast is great though
So, I hear Chadwick Boseman is great in this. There is a great backstory to Chadwick having some of his education funded by Denzel Washington, and the movie premiere brought them together so he could thank Denzel. Neat, huh?
I heard about that, I  think Denzel has a great heart, Chadwick thanked him over the premiere of the movie
Denzel has some awesome inspirational speeches on Youtube that you would probably enjoy seeing. I know I did. So, in the movie, was there reference to the Nigerian nsibdi script that the story features?
I didnt know that, but that is really cool sounds like the directors, scripts writers did a great job researching, so are you a fan of Marvel Comics?
In general, yes, although I am behind in my watching of movies... Sounds like you are, am I right?
I am, big fan so I watch them as they come out, in 2009 Disney bought the franchise
I thought Disney didn't have the rights to the characters. Is this true? Fantastic FOur was my favorite growing up, along with SPiderman... How about you? 
I liked Iron Man and also liked Batman, but his from DC comics, you know they actually own  a character together
Yeah. It sounds weird, but I guess it somehow helps them to keep their universes separate. I wonder how it works?
I guess that character is not necessary but it works for them.
Did you know that there are over 300 registered superheroes in the US?  I wonder if "Normalman" is one of them?
I didn't know that, and he must be, Normalman the hero without any powers.
Did you hear that the richest superhero is actually the Black Panther at $500 billion?
I didn't. That's amazing, $500 million dollars is a lot for a superhero to have. I learned a lot about Black Panther 
In 1989 Sony was offered cinematic rights to almost all of the Marvel characters for only $25 million and they rejected only purchasing Spiderman rights for $10 million
Wow! I learned that Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel Comics in the early 1990's, so that he could play Spiderman. Spiderman is definitely a popular superhero. 
That's interesting.  The symbols and written script in black panther are based on actual script called nsibdi from the 4th century
It is truly interesting how many details go into the Marvel Universe. Black Panther was the 18th film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and there are at least 30 superhero movies set to be released between 2016-2020.
Yes it is.  Did you hear that Black Panther wasn't named after the black panther party and its name was black leopard for some time
I didn't! I actually haven't seen Black Panther, but I want to after learning more. The actor that played Black Panther actually went to school with money from Denzel Washington! 
Marvel did some censoring of the utterance "praise hanuman" due to possible backlash.
I'm not sure what that is referring to, but I'll look into it. The actor that plays the villain's father, N'Jobu is from the hit television show This is Us. He happens to be my favorite character, which makes me want to watch it more. 
Marvel was able to successfully argue that mutants aren't people to get to pay lower rates on x-men toys than dolls because they are not human
That's bizarre! Marvel also published a generic comic book to trademark the names "super-hero" and "super-villain." Strange indeed. 
Surprisingly, Disney doesn't own rights to show "big" marvel characters in them parks east of the Mississippi because of a contract with Universal in the 90's.
Interesting! The Walt Disney Company didn't even buy Marvel until 2009. 
There was a comic series concerning fixing collateral damage caused by superheroes
That's always bothered me about the Avengers movies. They cause major destruction. Thanos made his debut in The Avengers "Infinity War" that came out on May 4, 2018. 
Don't you hate that the bad guy almost always dies at the end of the superhero movies?  They are so predictable.
They really are! According to what I learned though, some of the villain/superhero interactions in Black Panther are different than in other Marvel movies.  
How are they different?
Michael B. Jordan creates a more dynamic, creative villain than seen before. He has even been compared to Heath Ledger's Joker, which in my opinion, is the greatest superhero villain. 
One character is owned by both marvel and dc named access and his purpose is to keep both companies' universes separate.  I don't know how that works though.
Me either! Good chatting with you. Thanks for the new information. I am going to see if Black Panther is still on Netflix to watch tonight.
Sounds good!  There are over 300 registered superheroes so it sounds like we can watch a lot.
hi, did you ever watch the black panther?
No, but I heard it was good- but I'm not really into the superhero thing in general.
It is really good. And the character is actually the wealthiest of them all
I heard Jill Scott tweeted that it beat Star Wars. 
I think so too. the symbols used in the movie date back to 4th century
Interesting.  I heard it invigorated the superhero genre as well as reigning over other movies like the Avengers.
yeah that is for sure. did you know chadwick boseman was accepted into a prestigious summer theatre camp at oxford but could not afford to go?
Until now, I've never heard the name.  I do know that it has nothing to do with the Black Panther party.
yeah he managed to go anyways from a private sponsor who turned out to be Denzel washington
I had no idea that comic book characters would be worth so much.  The rights to Spiderman went for $10M
I cannot believe sony did not but more superhero rights but just spiderman
Yeah, it's not like they don't have the bucks.  I thought superheroes went back further than the 1930s.  I suppose they do if you've ever read Homer. 
Yeah I am sure they do. do you know who is the character Access?
No before now.  I also didn't know there was one called "normalman" a guy that has no superpowers.  I guess I'm a "normalman."
Yeah that is strange. Access actually does not have powers just keep marvel and dc universes separate
I hadn't heard of "Blue Ear," a superhero Marvel created for a 4 year old boy that didn't like wearing his hearing aid. That was nice...
That was super nice for sure. did you know marvel successfully argued that mutants are not people in court?
That's strange...  Poor Bruce Wayne... He's only worth $80B and Tony Stark's worth $100B. 
And not to think of all the collateral damage that superheroes cause
Yeah, I wonder who carries their liability insurance.  Maybe the Black Panther who's worth $500B?
Hahha I bet. nice chat.
hello! did you now there's a superhero called "normalman"?
Yes, Mostly of kids and children are like superhero now days adult and aged people also love this character.
I guess superhero is a great business! A lot of people are waiting for the next superhero movie.
The main aim of the superhero to protect the people from the Evil and save from the distracter.
One of the biggest companies to make money out of superheroes is Marvel. They even make money out of toys!!
The are publish the comics books for kids. The walt disney company acquired Marvel entertainment. It make the children to good and they support to live the self discipline.
That makes Disney a monster company! They own most of the market!
Michael jackson tried to buy marvel comics in the early 1990's but it not happened for some reason. otherwise he became the hero of spiderman movie.
Michael jackson made some great deals! He bought  the rights of all the music from the beatles. And that'a lot money!!
Sure! The word superhero is commonly used for women also. There are some women superheros.
 Yes. Superhero movies would be dead without women superheros!
Black panther brings life to Marvel"s greatest superhero. Jordan's unforgettable performance as the classic villain.
Seems like he did a good job portraying the villain! Sometimes villains are the best in a movie!
Villains character designed very differently so only people like superhero very much.
Sadly superheros are not as good as they seem. Most of them can not control their rage, are violent, and kill as much people as the villains!
Sure. Marvel published comic book in the super-hero. It attract the children and also all aged people especially in since 1930s.
As we were talking before, it's a great business! The publish only what they know people are going to like!  
It develop reading habit among the children. It is biggest change over in the world. Mostly reading comics books is nice.
Im surprised that Marvel could win a case in court saying their characters are not humans, and then to have their taxed reduced!
I think it is very funny thing.
It was very nice talking to you, have a great day!
Thank you. Wish you the same.
Great day!!
Who is your favourite super-hero ?
Spid
Hi have you seen the Black Panter movie?
Yeah! I really like Michael B. Jordan as the villain Erik Killmonger!
Nice!  Did you know that the richest superhero is actually Black Panter?  He has an estimated $500 billion dollars!
Holy cow. Marvel has so much money! They have created so many superheroes!
Yes!  Tony Stark is worth 100 billion and Bruce Wayne is worth 80 billion as well!
Amazing. The Marvel brand began all the way back in 1961.
Wow.  I didn't know that.  There is one character owned by both Marvel and DC named Access.  Never heard of them.
I wonder if he will be in a movie soon. Michael Jackson saw the importance and tried to buy Marvel in the 90's!
Wow.  I didn't know that.  He probably would have done some amazing things with the brand I would think.
Yeah agreed. He wanted to buy it so he could play spiderman that would have been interesting lol.
Neat!  I never knew that.  Did you know that there are over 300 registered superheroes in the United States?
Wish they were better at their job lol! I am grateful for Stan Lee creating all the characters in his universe!
Yes!  He created a nice industry for people to get involved with and be entertained.  Did you ever read comic books?
As a child sometimes. Marvel once published a generic comicbook...that would be interesting to see.
That would be!  There was a comic series about fixing the collateral damage caused by superheroes! lol
Oh I always wondered about all the damage they caused. Sir Isaac Newton was once a sorcerer supreme in the Marvel Universe!
I never knew that!  Did you know that there is a superhero called Normalman?  He was the only person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes!
Haha that would not be a fun movie to see! There was once something called pet force which featured garfield as a superhero!
Nice!  I never knew that.  I loved Garfield.  Stan Lee wrote 15 DC comics re-imagining popular superheroes like Batman and Superman.  I didn't know that.
He was such a visionary. There is actually a book called Becoming Batman, written by a neuroscientist.
Yes he was!  Sad he died this past year.  It's been a pleasure chatting with you!  
Did you see "Black Panther" ?
No, was it a good movie?  I read it stars Michael B. Jordan as "Black Panther" and Erik Killmonger 
He was great as a villain, some says he was the best. 
It seems like villains have done a better job recently after the creation of Avengers: Infinity Wars
They did modify his story to give him more depth. 
Thanos will most likely make his mark making nearly every MCU movie hero try to stop him.
Yeah, but in the case of Killmonger, his humanity come from his link with his father. N'Jobu. 
I have to correct myself that Jordan actually stars as the villain Killmonger, not Black Panther.  I appreciate the fact that they are making superheroes more diverse as well with Black Panther being the greatest black superhero from Marvel
And Killmonger being the best villain in the MCU makes it more diverse. 
N'Jobu played a great role even though it was limited to flashbacks and dream sequences he had a huge emotional impact on the movie.
By understanding his point of view his radicalization, it make Killmonger more complex and more interesting. 
The villain must always fall in MCU but Killmonger will be remembered!
Do you Thanos will achieve the same success as a villain ?
I'm not sure he'll have the same passion, but he will be a contender with all his strength being that all the superheroes will have to unite to fight him
To think that Marvel offered the rights of all its superheroes o for Sony for only 25 million $ they could have lost a lot of money if they accepted. 
That is probably true.  Marvel has a soft spot though.  They created superhero hearing aids that were a "blue ear" for a 4 year old who was uncomfortable wearing them.
That is cute, but who has rights to sell what with the MArvels heroes is very complicated, like Disney that can't show any Marvel chaacters in its theme parks because Universal has bought them. 
Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel Comics because he wanted to play spider-man in his own produced movie.  I wonder how that would have gone?
That would have been special, re-imagining heroes has also been done by Stan Lee with Superman and Batman. It can be interesting. 
Did you know Garfield had a special spinoff series where garfield and his gang were superheroes?
I suppose it was not good, since I never heard of it, so much Superheroes, 300 are registered in in the US. 
Also, there are 30 or more superhero movies set for release between 2016 and 2020. I hope they stay exciting!  Nice talking with you.
Hello, are you a fan of superhero movies?
Hey there I do like superhero movies. Did you ever like Garfield by the way? Apparently they did a spin-off we're all of the Garfield characters were superheroes, I need to check that out
Wow I never knew that! I wonder how often superheros come from comic books. I once read a comic series on fixing collateral damage caused by superheros.
Wow how was it? That's a very interesting topic for a superhero story I think. I can't believe how popular superhero movies are though. Between the years 2016 and 2020 they are going to release about 30 superhero movies
It was definitely interesintg! There's so many superheroes though it's hard to quantify how much damage they cause. There's still over 300 registered superheroes in the US.
Wow that is a lot! Have you heard of Stan lee? He created a lot of classic Marvel characters. But apparently he was about to change careers but then at the last minute they let him experiment. He made character such as Spider-Man and Daredevil
I didn't know he wanted to switch careers! We're definitely lucky he didn't. I wonder who's considered the most influential out of superhero creators like Steve Ditko, Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.
Yep those are all big names. I think that Stan Lee is actually kind of overrated, the more you read about him, but he did do some good things for the industry. Did you know there's a book that someone wrote about how to become Batman LOL I want to read that and then do it haha
Wow I have no idea why people would think the need for that haha. I wonder what's more unneccessary, that book or the creation of a superhero literally called "Normalman", who didn't have any superpowers.
Haha that does sound pretty unnecessary. Do you like Marvel Comics? Or do you like DC Comics more by the way?
Hmm I think I like Marvel more. Although they have shady dealings, like arguing in court that mutants aren't people, in order to avoid paying a higher rate on toys.
Yep that is very shady. I like that Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel Comics. He wanted to play Spider-Man, that would have been a weird movie LOL
Oh wow that's surprising. It's interesting they didn't sell it to him. They once tried to sell the rights to all their characters to sony for $25 million, but they rejected the offer.
I think that I heard about that. A very dumb move that Sony didn't buy that LOL. What about the superhero called Blue ear? Have you heard of him
I have not! It sounds like a very different superhero than we're used to, what's unique about him?
Well he was written for a four-year-old actually the four-year-old said that no superheroes had hearing aids, and so Marvel made him specifically for that 4 year old boy. That's pretty nice of them
Aww, yeah that's definitely sweet of them, and progressive. I doubt it was ever as successful was Black Panther though, which was obviously created for different purposes.
Yep I agree with you. Did you ever see the movie Black Panther by the way? I thought it was ok, nothing special
I did! Yeah I thought it was alright, I thought it was interesting that the main character is actually the richest superhero in history.
I thought that was interesting too. I think he's even richer than Tony Stark apparently. Did you hear how Denzel Washington actually loaned the main character money in real life? And then Chadwick Boseman thanked Denzel Washington 20 years later, that's insane!
I didn't know that! That's certainly some story, and even makes me appreciate the film more. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a good night!
Hello - Do you like Marvel comics?
Good morning. I do, and I'm still mourning the death of Stan Lee. When my son goes to look at Michigan State, I'm going to see if I can go look at the comic collection in their library, it's the largest public collection.
Yea that was sad that he passed away. I saw that Disney doesn't own the rights to show big Marvel characters.
Yeah, that is weird how the Marvel Universe is distributed. We were just at Universal in Florida, and they have all of the Marvel characters there. Which struck me odd, as Disney in Cali has Marvel there too. I didn't know that it had to do with the contract from the 90's.
Hmm..I didn't know that either. There is one character owned by both Marvel and DC named Access. 
I heard something about him. Do you know who Ultron is? The only thing I can think of, is the Iron Man movie.
I do not know who that is. I saw that Marvel created a comic book hero named Blue Ear and it was only for a four year old boy who was uncomfortable wearing his hearing aids.
That was a great thing they did. They based that on Black Bolt, and Anson Mount even met with the boy. Stan Lee signed off over Tweet with "Excelsior", the same as he did his phone conversations.
That is pretty cool. I saw that Stan Lee ends every phone call he has with the word excelsior.
That's what I just said, lol. Have you seen the Garfield comic, Pet Force?
I have not. What is it?
Garfield and his friends are super heroes. It's cute. There is a superhero called "normalman", he lives on a planet full of superheroes, and yet he has none.
I didn't know they were super heroes. That's interesting about normalman. 
Who is your favorite? Mine is the Winter Soldier, and I think Loki whines too much.
I would say I love Wolverine. I saw there is a comic series about fixing collateral damage caused by superheroes. 
I cannot watch a non-X Men movie with Hugh Jackman in it, and not call him Wolverine. Even Austrlia, and the Greatest Showman. I have never heard of that series, I wonder if it has Normal Man in it/
That's interesting. There are over 300 registered superheroes in the United States. Not really sure what that means lol.
I can believe it, as there are always more being added to the films. I was surprised to see Red Skull at the end of Infinity Wars. I think he has a bigger role in End Games. I still have trouble believing that Sony purchased the rights to Spiderman for $10 million.
I can't believe that either. I didn't think it was worth $10 million.
I just wish they would stop redoing the Spidey movies, and come up with new content. Did you know that the DC stands for Detective Comics?
It was great talking with you
Are you a Stan Lee or comic fan?
I am. I love watching for him in his movies. you?
I do,funny he makes a cameo in his films. He does a very good job of making his characters relatable with problems too.
Yes he does. I think that is what makes his films so good. Stan lee looked pretty good to be 95 though!
Absolutley! I wasn't convinced he was that old. 
Me either. No where near it! Have you seen Avengers?
I saw the first one, but not Infinity War yet. Mostly due to kids. How about you?
I saw infinity on Netflix I think. Was soo good. Really neat to see all the characters come together. 
Yea, seeing how they use their strengths together. I'll definitely watch Infinity when I have time.
Stan lee made it where all those characters shared a world. Very relatable.
Oh definitely, they need to have some level of weakness to be more human
To see the marvel characters struggling just like we do makes his films relatable and fun.
Like how spiderman has problems with his family, and finds himself awkward around MJ
Very nice for kids to see. Did you know marvel had to go to court to prove that mutants weren't real?
I did not know that
it was so they could pay a lower tax rate on the xmen toys.
Really? So tax rates are lower for non-existent things like that? Strange
Marvel also created a superhero called blue ear just for a boy who wears hearing aids.
I see that Marvel tried to sell Sony the rights to almost all heroes and Sony didn't buy.
Mistake on their part! I would have loved to talk to Stan Lee on the phone and hear him say Excelsior!
Yup, a whole generation of comic lovers will miss that man!
Have you been to many concerts?
No professional ones actually. You?
No but I would love to go see some of my favorite artists before they stop playing. 
I heard that Lou reed and his wife once held a high frequency concert just for dogs!
That is interesting. I wonder if the dogs appreciated it?
I would hope so! Do you like Abba? I did when I was a kid.
I've never really listened to them. I was always more of a fan of either country or rock. I spent so much time listening to linkin park in college. 
I heard Linkin Park has held the most concerts ever. Do you think that is true? I always liked Foo fighters myself.
I know that they had 324 for their debut album in 2001. I think the record would probably have to go to the Ramones. Can you imagine touring for 20 years straight!?
That would be awful! Did you hear about the woman who picked Dave Matthews up on the way to his concert? He was broke down! 
Aw that is nice that she did that. Can you imagine how many ticked off fans there would have been if he hadn't made it. It would have been a creed lawsuit repeat all over again. 
True! All because he broke down. You ever listen to Ariana Grande?
A little. If it is on the radio I probably won't turn it but I don't go out of my way to listen to her. What about you?
Nah, she's far to young and all about the money for me. But I was surprised to learn she's not hispanic!
She is italian isn't she? 
Yeah! That's what I read. But did you hear about her licking the donuts in that shop? I bet it's hard to resist the sweets sometimes.
That was so gross. She is quite young though so I will have to give her a pass on some of the behavior. I did a lot of dumb things at her age but there wasn't social media to document it all constantly. 
Thank god!! I didn't know she was on Nickelodeon though, did you?
Yeah I used to watch victorious during my insomnia during college. She was always the best singer on the show even though she was just a supporting character. 
That's fun to know! Did you know that George Clooney was on South Park? I had no idea!
Really? Was it one of those times where a celebrity voices themselves or did he have an actual character?
He was the dog Sparky! He only got to bark in the show! 
That is hilarious. 
Hi. Are you familiar with American TV star (ER) and film actor, George Clooney?
Yea, I know Clooney has won 3 oscars and starred in the worst Batman movie
He did Academy Awards twice, for starring in the 2006 movie, Syriana, and for producing the 2012 film, Argo, starring Ben Affleck. Tell me more about the Batman movie...
It was Batman and Robin, I think it was his first major movie after being on ER
 Just learned something new! Which of Clooney's films or TV shows, if any, did/do you like?
I liked Clooney in From Dusk till Dawn, that was an interesting movie
I liked him in Three Kings, the satire gold heist set during the Gulf War in Iraq. Did you know he's done some amazing humanitarian work for the less fortunate, too?
Yea, Clooney funded a satellite that documents war crimes in Africa that the public doesn't know
Right. Quiet stuff nobody much cares about. Another star has done that, too: Ariana Grande. She's much younger than Clooney. Do you know her?
A little, I know Grande is a pop singer
Yea, with a couple of songs on the radio now. She held a charity concert for victims/families of the recent Manchester, England bombing. Ariana raised $13 million dollars for them.
That's nice of her. Apparently her song dangerous woman was written by 3 men
I know. Who knew? I've been to Manchester, actually. A dusty, down and out working class city. $13M was REALLY nice for those folks! Say, did you know Ariana isn't hispanic, but Italian American?
Yea, I guess people confuse Grande for being hispanic due to her last name and tan skin
I guess. Did you know her from her Nickelodeon TV days?
No, I had no idea she was on Nickelodeon
She must have been pretty young. She's only 25 now. Would you go to one of her concerts, or do you have another artist/group you'd rather see?
I'd rather go to her concert than a Creed concert, their concert was so bad in 2002 a lawsuit was actually filed
That must have been bad. Go see the artists you want to (if you can) today. I  always wanted to see Pink Floyd; now I can only see their "tribute" band. Which group is your favorite?
Probably The Red Hot Chilli Peppers although I would've love to see the Ramones play one of their 2,263 concerts
Chilis are one of my adult kid's all-time favs! Ramones - a classic band. Heard ticket prices are out of sight, as we used to say, but when the best stop touring, all you have is re-runs and albums...
Yep. Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Hi, how are this afternoon?
Great. Are you by any chance a fan of the actor, George Clooney?
Yes, I am.  How about you?
Have loved this actor since his days on the TV drama, ER (1994 - 1999), but have really become a dedicated fan of his movies. Which one is your favorite?
I loved him on ER, I remember him on Roseanne, and I really loved him in Dusk Till Dawn.
Yes, that was his breakthrough role. I liked the satire, Three Kings, too, and Syriana, for which he won an Oscar. What do you suppose is his greatest appeal?
He's got some smoldering sex appeal, boy next door quality that a lot of women like.  I read somewhere that he helped fund a satellite that documents and records war atrocities in Africa that would otherwise be ignored.  He apparently is very globally involved.
Yes, along with being the only actor ever nominated for an Oscar in 6 different award categories. Agree on the sex appeal, especially if he lived next door! Clooney is an advocate for a variety of international causes, along with his wife, a human rights attorney.
His wife is gorgeous, by the way, as well as smart.  Lucky man.  I did not know that he was distantly related to Abe Lincoln, though.
Me, either. Much easier on the eyes than Honest Abe! Another celebrity, Ariana Grande, born 1993, has also led humanitarian efforts, and started doing so at an early age. Are you familiar with her music?
Yes, I love her music.  I read somewhere that she was the first fan hit by a hockey puck at the Florida Pather's current arena when she was 5 years old.  
Thank goodness it didn't damage her seriously. Understand that she appeared in the Broadway hit, 13, at the age of 13, has appeared on other theatre and TV shows and voiced animated TV & films as well.
Very talented young lady, for sure.  I used to think she was Hispanic, but now I understand she is of Italian heritage.
That's right. Correction: Ariana was 15 when she appeared on Broadway. But she was only 10 when she co-founded a youth group, Kids Who Care, which sang at charity events. Pretty admirable.
Yes, it is.  Did you know her female empowerment hit," Dangerous Woman" was actually written by 3 men?
Really? Go figure. I became aware of Ariana after her charity concert for victims of the Manchester, England bombing. The girl raised $13 to help victims and their families. Manchester is a gritty, working class city. I'm sure victims were grateful, and really needed the money.
Very good for her to do that for the people affected by the Manchester bombing
Yes. Correction again: Ariana raised $13 million for Manchester. Concerts in front of live audiences can be a powerful venue. Any favorite concerts you've ever attended?
No problem.  I went to see Lynyrd Skynyrdon their farewell tour in their hometown last summer and I'm going to see Mick and The Rolling Stones this summer.
I'm jealous. Never saw a live Stones concert. Always wanted to. Running out of time now. Would also like to have seen Pink Floyd at the 1972 live concert they did in a Roman amphitheater. In Pompeii, no less.
Me too.  That's the main reason I'm shelling out big bucks for the Rolling Stones.  This is probably my last chance to see them.  Well, it's been nice chatting with you this afternoon.  Enjoy the rest of your day, friend.
hi, do you know marvel comics?
Yes, I know a little bit about them, are you a fan of them?
Yes I am. did you know they sold spiderman to sony for $10 million?
Wow, and it sounds like they had the chance to buy all of the characters rights but only wanted spiderman, that was a mistake.
Big mistake they have made so much money from all the superheroes by now
Oh yeah, and it is an endless stream of income when they can keep releases games and movies and all. 
exactly. did you know they argued in court that mutants are not human?
Yeah I think I read that, was it so they could buy something for less money? 
yeah that was the reason. do you know who Stan Lee was?
Yeah it was sad to hear that he passed recently.  Do you know what famous line he would end every phone call with?
Yeah that is too sad. Yeah he ended it with excelsior.
Nice, good call! Do you watch most of the Marvel movies?
yeah as many as I can really. did you know there are 300 superheroes in the us?
I would never have guessed there were that many.  I wonder what the least craziest one is, like why did they make this one type. 
well there is one called the normalman
Really? That is too funny, I wonder what his super power is, or he has a lot like reading the paper
he is the only one without superpowers so not sure why he was created, that is all of us
Yeah then we are all superheroes you are right.  Did you see the weird deal about owning some of the superheroes east of the mississippi?
Yeah that is a strange contract right there. 
Yeah it is.  Did you hear about the one they created for a 4-year old boy?
Yeah that is so nice of them. nice chat
Hey how you doing. Do you like Marvel comics? Stan Lee is a genius!
I don't know much about the characters, but they seem really popular! Marvel has been around under other names since 1939. 
That is a long time. In 2009 the Walt Disney company acquired Marvel worldwide's parent company.
That was a good move on their part! There are about 30 movies with superheros in them in the works. 
Wow that is a lot of superhero movies. Back in 1998 Marvel offered the cinematic rights of almost all of its characters to Sony for only $25 million.
That's amazing considering what they're worth now. In 1938, DC Comics bought Batman for $130!
True. That is hard to believe! One character named access is owned by both Marvel and DC.
That's kind of neat. Marvel made a superhero that wears hearing aids for a little boy who had to wear them. 
That is so cute of them. That character I mentioned named access, Has a sole purpose of trying to keep the two universe's is separate.
Too funny. The first comic book ever was called Famous Funnies and came out in 1933. 
Wow that is a long time ago. Comic books were so popular back then. They were even popular in the United Kingdom too.
Yeah. Comic books were originally funny, but now they are more storytelling. 
Very interesting how they came to be. The Michigan State University library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world.
I bet that's cool to see. Did you know Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel?

I never knew that. He probably had enough money. There are actually 300 registered superheroes in the USA.
That's awesome. Yeah, he wanted to be able to play Spiderman in his own movie!
I don't know if he would make a good Spiderman LOL. Maybe he should play normalman. The only Superhero without superpowers.
Wow! There really is a superhero for everything! There was a superhero called Braniac, too. 
I would love to be brainiac! Apparently Stan Lee ends every phone conversation he has with the word Excelsior. Thanks for chatting with me today.
What a cool guy! Thank you too. Have a great day!
Have a good afternoon!
hi, how are you? do you like comics and superheroes and stuff?
Hi. I'm not so much into that any more. When I was younger yes. But I like talking about some of the odd facts.
Yes, the odd facts seem to crop up in these chats. do you like marvel or DC?
I have no preference. Did you know there are over 300 registered superheroes in the united states?
I would like to register a superhero. how would it do that? i would like to register one for my friend.
I don't know. What are your powers?
I can chat incessantly and make banal comments without respite. Do you have superpowers?
Wow that's impressive. Yes I raised three kids and have not gone crazy
That is impressive. you could be a superhero to dads everywhere. What other powers would you like?
Oh wow that's hard. I would like to be able to be invisible. How about you?
I would like to know the future or read peoples minds. that would be great. i would be able to see what people are thinking and freak them out.
That would be fun. You would also be able to win the lottery whenever you felt like. Kind of like the guy in back to the future.
Yeah, biff? Yes, he warnt too smart but he had the book. i could be a biff. yeah.
Don't be a Biff. Be a nice guy and help people.
Yeah, i guess i should donate some winnings to others and just keep enough for myself to live. 
Very well. Did you know there was a garfield book series which featured Garfield and gang as  superheroes.
Garfield is boring to me. superhero status might be funny. Yeah, i would read that.
That's what I mean. One of my favorites is the hulk. Think how great it would be be turn into a big green monster whenever someone ticked you off.
Yeah, i guess you wouldnt get invited back to parties much. plus you would have to have magical expanding jeans. Anyway, great chat!
Thanks. Nice to chat with someone who can keep a conversation rolling. Have a good night.
Have a great weekend!
You too.
Hollywood sure misses Stan Lee, one of its legends
It's a shame Stan Lee passed away at 95
It is, the creater of Iron Man, Thor, Spider Man and many others, he sure changed my childhood
Yes, Stan Lee popularized the shared-world of superhero storytelling, truly a great innovater
I agree and also with the phrase, ''Whithout Stan Lee, Hollywood as we know it might not exist'' he was of great contributioin and left a big legacy behing
Yea, without Stan Lee there would of never been an Iron Man movie in 2008
And then the movies of the Avenegers and the other characters, Fantastic 4, Black Panther, 
Yea, Lee's comic writing in the 1960s really changed cinema 
Do you have a favorite Marvel hero? mine has to be Iron Man or Captain America
I like the X-men, it's funny Marvel comics had to convince the US government that X-men weren't humans
I guess they made a lot of money with that argument, Disney bought the whole franchise right?
Yea, thank god Michael Jackson didn't buy marvel comics, he wanted to star and produce his own spider-man movie
Thank god he didnt lol, I agree with you, that would ruin the childhoods of many in the country. 
Yea, maybe they could cast MJ as the marvel hero Blue Ear
If he was still alive I bet they could and who is Blue Ear? havent heard of him before?
Blue Ear is a superhero who wears hearing aids, I guess he doesn't do anything else lol
That sounds like a bad superpower lol, you know there are over 300 registered superheroes in the US
I had no clue, I guess they will be releasing a lot more superhero movies after the 30 set for release between 2016-2020
Its pure gold so yeah. I bet we will be seeing more heores in the future, 
It be cool if they made one with the Garfield Pet Force superheros, I loved that book as a kid
It would be cool I agree, Stan Lee wrote 15 comics of DC comics
Are you a fan of Marvel Comics?
Yeah, kinda. I did watch some marval movies.
Same here, I am a big Spider man fan. I also like the Blue Ear character
Ohh actually I never heard of the Blue Ear character before I read about it recently. It's a interesting story, what does that character do in that comics? I only know him as a character.
I believe his super power is super hearing. I hope they make a movie about him like Aqua Man
Nice. That would be interesting, I'm not sure how super hearing is going to be like, punish the bad guys? I could see it being a detective thing or something like that. Or maybe his physical power is overpowering too?
There is only one of their superhero characters that has no special powers.
Ahh, the "normal person" guy? I never heard of him before either. It's kinda sacarstic I like that idea. Dunno how the plot is gonna go though.
I wonder how the other 300 Superheros think of him?
Lol, could be anything. Maybe they think HE is the superhero, not them. Still, how is this going to be a plot device besides daily life comady I'm not sure.
There are lots of male superheros and only a few female ones. I wonder if they will ever create a gay hero or gender neutral one
Huh, maybe. I think there's a Captain Marvel movie next year (this year?),  and she is a big character (I mean, her own movie), and Black Widow I think. But I guess we can argue Black Widow is a side kick, so is Scarlett Witch.
I always had a crush on Superwoman and Catwoman
Lol why? I don't think they are Marvel, I remember they are maybe DC? I thought we are talking about Marvel. I guess I can understand Catwoman... Superwoman maybe a little weird, no offense
hard to keep the alliances straight some time. Superheros have been around since the 30's, nearly 90 years now
Yep, that's definately a long time. I think Doctor Who has been around a pretty long time too, not sure which one is longer. Makes me feel old thinking the 30s has been 90 years from now. What is alliances straight? 
Hard to tell them from Marvel or DC comics
Ohh. Yeah sometimes. It's a little confusing. I didn't watch much DC stuff, so I only know pretty much Marvel stuff. 
Sad that the comic world lost Stan Lee this year
Yeah, that was super sad for everybody. I heard he nearly got scammed by a young man out of his money earlier. It's sad when old people get old. Did you understand the part saying he ends every phone call with "excelsior"? I don't quite get it.
Quirky for sure.
Do you have a favorite superhero?
I have collected comic books for years and Stan Lee's creations are some of my favorites. I love the X-Men and Spider-Man. Most Marvel comic books I enjoy.
Yeah, Stan Lee's creations are phenomenal! There are over 300 registered superheroes, I wonder how many of those belong to Stan?
I live in Michigan, and have been to the MSU library where they house the largest comic book collection in the world. It's pretty cool, to see in person.
Oh I didn't know there was such a place! I visit Michigan often, will have to go check it out some time. Maybe I can find the character "normalman" in that library somewhere, did you know he existed?
Yes, I actually knew of Normalman. What I didn't know though was that Stan Lee wrote 15 DC (or Detective Comics) I always thought he was strictly a Marvel Man. 
Really? Were any of those DC writings by Stan Lee made into movies? I also didn't know that's what "DC" stood for, thanks for clarifying!
I don't think the DC books were made into movies. DC can't seem to get past Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman. Marvel on the other hand is willing to take risks. Marvel once created a character called Blue Ear just to help a 4 year old boy get used to wearing a hearing aid. Marvel rocks.
I know! I'm a Marvel over DC person too! I wish they'd put that character in movies because I know someone with a hearing disability as well so that would help a lot! Surprised that Disney doesn't own the rights to the well-known marvel characters in theme contracts due to a contract, so who owns the rights to them?
I know Sony owns the rights to some of Marvels characters like Venom. Marvel went through hard times back in the day and sold their rights to some characters off. They seem to be doing just fine today though making billions of dollars just with their movies. 
Was it bad management that led them to hard times? Or they just simply didn't know how to market their assets? Sony once had the opportunity to purchase all the characters but only chose Spiderman, what a poor decision!
I've heard Stan Lee actually didn't run the business smoothly back in the day. He turned the reins over long ago. He got to busy making movie cameos. Stan liked to end every phone conversation by using his catch phrase  - Excelsior!!!!!
Stan Lee needs to focus on his creative and artistic talent! Not only does he make cameos in movies, I also enjoy trying to find his signatures on Marvel characters when in theme parks. I think Marvel found a great home in Disney!
Yes Disney will do great, they still don't own the rights to everything though like the Avengers and X-men.
How does one even begin to create characters and universes like what Stan Lee did, he even created a universe that takes place in Earth-199999, which is a multiverse.
Stan was the man, but he had a lot of help from Steve Ditko and Jack Kirby. Those are three comic book legends. 
Oh, I've never heard of them but they are geniuses for sure! Have you ever read the series about fixing the collateral damage caused by the superheroes?
I have not read that series. I have read a lot of comics from Earth -616  which was Marvels original comic book universe.
Does it feature Garfield in that setting, there's a series spinoff named pet force that featured Garfield as the superhero.
Garfield was in Pet Force, a comic that didn't go very far. They say there are over 300 registered superheroes in the U.S.but I think that sounds kind of low.
Oh wow, I thought 300 was a lot already but considering that many series, I need to reconsider.
hi how are you? do you like comic books?
I enjoy reading about comic books with superheroes sometimes.
I don't read comic books much. I sometimes see the movies. 
Well comics are great sometimes, Michael Jackson even tried buying Marvel Comics once.
I guess he had the money. I wonder what he would have done with marvel.
Michael Jackson wanted to play spider-man in his own produced movie apparently.
Hm. a vanity project. I guess he could do it, but I prefer Tobey for that role.
Well, marvel refused 60 years after they started, because they began in 1939.
Yeah, that is good. Disney probably paid quite a bit for marvel, but it was worth it in my opinion.
Yes superhero movies are always profitable since it started in 1930.
Yes, the kids love them. I get tired of the sfx and the explosions. I guess I have gotten too old for them. I liked deadpool though.
Well the kids are going to be pleased to hear that there are about 30 superhero movies set to release from now to 2020.
Oh boy. well, I hope that many of them are like deadpool with the potty mouths and the sassy adult humor.
Well, I'm just hoping there is more x-men. There should be more of that.
X men seems to have a lot of installments. I don't know it very well though. Who is your favorite X man?
I don't know, there are a couple to choose from.
Wolverine? Professor X? I don't know them well.
Those are both pretty good, maybe instead of movies, I can read more comic books about them.
Well, maybe ill take another look at the xmen movies. Anyway, great chat!
I should also take a look at other groups such as the avengers sometime. Have a nice day or night!
Have a great weekend!
You too!
Hello, How are you today? Do you enjoy superhero's?
Hi! I love superheroes, actually! In fact, i love all 300 registered superheroes in the US! Ha! What about you?
Yes, I enjoy the superhero movies too! Do you have a favorite?
I like them all, honestly. Although there is a comic series where it's strictly centered around repairing all the collateral damage superheroes created I want to read hopefully soon!
Oh really, that sounds very interesting! I think my favorite would be Catwoman!! lol
That's awesome! Are you also a fan of Stan Lee? Did you know he actually ends every phone call with the word "excelsior"? Ha!
I heard of that! lol1 Did you know they have a superhero called Blue Ear? It came from a 4 year old boy who had to wear uncomfortable hearing aids. I love that!! So cute, he told his mom superhero's don't wear hearing aids.
That is a very cute story. I wouldn't mind reading that one! I mentioned Stan Lee previously, did you also know he actually wrote 15 DC comics including Batman and Superman?
I love that! There is also a superhero called Normal man, have you heard of that?
I have, actually! Normalman was the only normal person on a planet full of superheroes. It's a very interesting concept, isn't it?
Yes, I like it! Did you know that Michigan State library has the largest collection of comic books?
Wow! I'd love to visit Michigan State just for that reason, then! I also think it's awesome that Marvel published a generic comic book just to trademark the names supervillain and superhero! Ha! That was smart of them!
Very true! Have you heard of the character Access? Its purpose is to keep separate both Marvel and DC.
I have not but that's interesting! Speaking of DC, did you know that it stands for Detective Comics, which the name is pretty much redundant? Ha!
Yes, I knew that, good way to remember especially for children. Have you seen the movie Wonder Woman yet?
I know who the character is and I think she's amazing! I also think it's amazing the Marvel branding began way back in 1961 the year they launched the Fantastic Four! Lee, Ditko, Kirby and others really took comics to the next level!
That's interesting, I like the Fantastic Four!! I love the Pet Force with Garfield, he makes me laugh just looking at him!
Ha! Well did you know about the Garfield book series spin-off named Pet Force? It featured Garfield and his gang as superheroes! I bet that was hilarious too!
Yes, that's what I meant Pet Force!! love it. Did you know  in 1941 Wonder Woman was placed in the justice society as a secretary?
Was she really? That's wild as she's come a long way since then! I also think it's wild that Disney doesn't own the rights to the big named Marvel characters in theme parks east of the Mississippi! Apparently it's because of a contract Marvel and Universal Studios signed back in the 90s!
Yes, I remember when that happened! I go to the Universal park and Disney World alot! The new Wonder Woman in the new movie actually served 2 years as a soldier!! Good chat!!
That's pretty cool! Boy, she's been around since close to the time Marvel started back in 1939 as Timely Publications! Ha! Well it was good chatting with you! Hope you have a great day, friend!
You too! Yeah was the highest grossing WW1 movie!!
That is amazing! Well, I'm off to research Famous Funnies which was the first modern comic book released in the US back in 1933! Take care, friend!
Hi there do you like Marvel Comics?
Marvel Comics are pretty good. What about you?
Yeah I like Marvel. The only comic I like from DC is Batman actually. I remember when Marvel was purchased by the Disney Company in 2009. That seems like so long ago
Disney has made so many superhero movies, I cannot keep track of them all.
Nope it's just too much at this point. Funny that Marvel had offered in 1998 to all of its characters to Sony for only 25 million dollars period that was a blunder by Sony to not buy the whole thing
I guess Sony wasn't hungry for stories. Once the Internet got going, the characters could be used for all kinds of entertainment. $25 mill is nothing.
Yep I agree. That's why they only decided to purchase Spider-Man for 10 million. They thought he was the only character that audiences cared about. Oh how wrong they were
If you can make a Spiderman movie for a profit, there should be other movies that can be made. The executives are not creative. They don't understand narrative, just dollars.
Yep that's what I think too. I guess there is actually a character that is shared between Marvel and DC. His name is access. All he does is keep both companies universes separate which I think is a noble goal haha
That would be an odd job to have. What if you fail? Who fires you? And who pays you? Both Marvel and DC? I have questions.
These are great questions haha. Did you hear about the Marvel superhero blue ear?
Blue ear? No I didn't. Is he movie-worthy?
Well apparently Marvel created blue ear for an eight-year-old boy who was wearing a hearing aid. It was to help him feel better about wearing a hearing aid because he said that superheroes don't wear hearing aids. Therefore, when Marvel heard that they created one that does
That's a great aid to a young fan. Good for them! 
Yep I think that was very Noble. Are there any comic books that you currently read? I guess the first comic book was made in 1933
I don't read comics now. I was interested as a kid. 
I like them as a kid too. I guess in real life Stan Lee would end every phone conversation he ever had with the word Excelsior!
Stan the Man! He had a way about him. Much better than Jim Davis. Garfield? Was there ever a funny one?
Haha that's a good point. I never got Garfield but I thought he was ok I guess. Did you know that DC in DC Comics stands for Detective Comics
That's a bit redundant. Anyway, I gotta go. I have a job as Normalman on a planet full of superheroes. 
Great I'll keep an eye out for blue ear too haha. And check out the Michigan State University comic book Library
Are you a superhero fan?
I just saw the Avengers movie and liked it
I missed that one, but I caught Deadpool 2 this summer.
I have not seen that one but Marvel makes a lot of good stuff.  Sony should have bought Marvel when they had the chance
They really should have.  So man companies pass up and it ends up being a huge mistake.
I love the fact that Marvel created a superhero who needed hearing aids specifically for a little boy
Aww.  It always touches me when big name companies do thing like that.  It helps kids out so much.
For sure.  I think its funny that there is a character that is owned by both marvel and dc
Which one is that?
Its name is access - its whole purpose is to keep the 2 companie's universes separate
Wow.  Did you know Marvel argued that Mutants are not human to pay a lower rate on x men toys instead of the higer rate for dolls?
That seems like a good plan to me!  Save money where you can.  I like reading these characters in comic books as well as movies
Me too.  I like how they were all misfits of a sort and finally found their place.
Marvel is pretty smart - they published a generic comic book so they could trademark names like superhero
and supervillian too.  That was brilliant of them.
I should have attended Michigan State - their library has a huge comic book collection
I bet that would be cool to visit, but they wouldnt let people check too many things out though.  I bet they have some rare things.
For Sure - some old dc comics - did you know dc stands for detective comics
Thats a bit redundant isnt it?  LOL
just a bit..   Is that a Stan lee one?  He is quite the character
He was indeed, ended each phone convo with Excelsior!
Yes - there are different multiverses in his books!
Good morning!  Do you like Marvel movies/comics?
I love Marvel comics and movies and Stan Lee. How about you?
Same here!  I learned recently that marvel started way back in 1939!  I had no idea!
Really!! That is a long time ago. Do you know who acquired Marvel Entertainment?
That I do know because of all of the uproar about it.  It's Disney, right?
You're correct. It was the Walt Disney Company. Do you happen to know who created The Fantastic Four and other superhero titles? 
I assume it was Stan Lee. I just always thought he did all of it.  
It was Stan Lee among others like Steve Ditko and Jack Kirby.
I'm not familiar with those two.  Hey, speaking of Disney a bit ago.  Did you hear about them not owning the rights to show big marvel characters in theme parks?
No I didn't. I also read somewhere that Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel Comics in early 90s.
I didn't know that!  Do you know why he didn't?
He did it so that he could play spider-man in his own movie.
Oh! That would have been interesting to see.  It's odd that he failed though.  Marvel tried to sell movie rights of almost all of it's characters to Sony back in 1998 but they said no.
I guess the deal fell through between the two companies. I didn't know this
Yeah, Marvel wanted $25 million. Sony rejected that and just bought the rights to Spiderman for $10 million because they thought people only cared about him.
I didn't know this. Thanks. Did you know that DC comics paid $130 for the exclusive rights to superman?
Nope, but I'd say they got a heck of a deal!  Superman has probably made them tons of money!
Yes. Superman did make them a lot of money indeed.
I heard that dc from dc comics stands for detective comics.  
Wow!!! That is very interesting. I didn't know this.
Something else that's interesting, at least to me that is, is that Michigan State University library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world!  You should check it out.  As for me, I've got to go now!  It's been great chatting with you!  Have a great day!
Good morning.
Good morning! 
The recent passing of Stan Lee is sad.
I agree! I was never super into comics, but he was absolutely legendary for what he accomplished. It's awful to hear about the allegations of elder abuse though. 
Yes it is. He seemed so devoted to his wife, she helped him build his empire.
I can't imagine how heartbreaking it was for him to lose her, especially since they were together for seven decades. It's not surprising that everything seemed to go downhill after that.
The person taking care of him was arrested for filing a false claim. He was taking advantage or his age and health.
That's awful! It's disgusting how someone could take advantage of someone because they're old and senile. It's horrible the way they isolated him from his friends and loved ones toward the end of his life.
Did you know Marvel comics started in 1939!
Oh my god! That's insane. I had no idea they'd been around this long! And it doesn't look like they're going anywhere, I heard 30 superhero movies were set to be released between 2016-2020.
That is amazing. Stan Lee used to end all his phone conversations with the word "excelsior"
That's adorable! You know, I wonder if he regrets selling the rights to Superman for only $130. 
He has made so much, I am not sure if he regrets. There is a superhero called normalman!
Now that's hilarious! I'd totally consider watching a superhero movie if it was about this "NormalMan"
He is the only person on the planet without superpowers.
Are you a big fan of comics?
I am. I love reading them and watching all the movies. Michigan State University library has the largest publicly available comic book collection.
Cool! Which Superhero is your favorite? I had no idea! That's awesome. Apparently Michael Jackson really wanted to play Spider-Man, so much so that he tried to buy marvel comics in the 90's.
I like spider man. I also like aquaman. There is a new one coming out soon. I didn't know that about Michael Jackson.
I heard about Aquaman! Jason Momoa is gorgeous so I'll probably consider seeing that one. Insane, right? I'm glad they didn't sell to him.
Ha. I was going to say the same about Jason Momoa DId you know Stan Lee wrote 15 DC comics.
Wow, I had no clue. It was really lovely talking to you today! 
You too. I hope you have a great rest of the day.
Same to you!
Hey what did you think about Stan Lee when he was alive?
I thought he was a nice man.  Some believe Hollywood as we know it now wouldn't be the same because of how he told superhero stories.
Think you're right. It's amazing that he lived until the age of 95, that's a long time and he had a lot of history with comic books and their promotion
Apparently he wrote for DC comics at one point as opposed to Marvel and reimagined Batman and Superman.  I find that interesting.
Yes and I think the best thing about his Creations were that they were always very relatable characters and not over-powered
Something I find funny is DC comics is Detective Comics comics.  Wonder how that got through corporate?
That is funny that that is what it stands for. What do you think about Marvel Comics though? Did you know Sony rejected an offer to buy all of the rights to Marvel Comics for only 25 million dollars
I like Marvel, they've been around since 1939.  They have a lot of cool characters like Captain America and the Hulk.  What about you?
Yeah I like Marvel a lot more, I really like the X-Men, it's interesting that Disney does not have the rights to the X-Men in theme parks that are east of the Mississippi
I wonder if they are one of the over 300 registered superheroes in the United States?   I am assuming it is for copyright reasons.
Yeah that's a good question. What do you think about the superhero blue ear? It was made specifically for a deaf child
Never heard of it to be honest, sounds interesting.  I do know of one called access who is a joint collaboration between DC and Marvel.
Yeah you're right, that character can go between both sets of universes, the other thing I love about Stanley is that you will end every phone call with the word Excelsior, I miss him
Well this whole superhero craze took off with Iron Man in 2008.  It introduced the idea of a universe of superheroes instead of them all in their own separate planet Earth.
Yep I think that's a good idea. Have you ever been to the world's largest comic book collection? Apparently that exists in the University of Michigan library
No, I don't really collect them.  I do like the movies though, Black Panther was really good.  Stan Lee created him of course.
Are black panther was pretty good, what do you think about the idea of Garfield as a superhero though
Why not?  He's got pals, I think it would be pretty funny.  Garfield always struck me as lazy though.
Yeah maybe that's his superpower is laziness LOL. they have a superhero named normalman so I don't think garfield would be a huge stretch
Well ever since 1939 when  it was named Timely Publications, Marvel has been making comics and now they are owned by the biggest entertainment conglomerate in the world so they must have done something right.
I agree with you. It's crazy that comic book started in the 1930s to, that seems so long ago
Hello. I would love to have joined the March for Our Lives
I love the cause. it was about 2 million people
Oprah and Clooney were benefactors. I am happy about that
i bet that Marjory Stoneman Douglas speech as powerful
They had some good performers like Ariana
and the march was mostly women
I remember the millions moms march back in 2000. Same cause
There were mostly people over 18 in the march
I love Clooney. He will be 62 this year
I loved him when he played on ER as Dr. Ross
I never knew that he is related to abraham lincoln
I would love to see Ariana Grande in concert
I love to go to concerts. The ramones played non stop for 20 years
that creed concert must have been really bad
Ariana grande female empowerment song was written by men. wow !
Ariana is a very talented performer. I love her in Nick
I did not know she was italian either 
Sam & Cat was a good show. my kids love it
Well its good to know that all ages supported the March for Our Lives
I learned a lot from this article. 
I did too. I learned a lot about marches around the country for a good cause.
have a good night
I think that its unfair that Gretat Lindecrantz refused to testify, the life of someone is on the line.
After something like that I'd want to go home and listen to some music...do you like Bruno Mars?
I do like Bruno Mars his one of my favorite artists, what  about you, do you like him?
I do, but I didn't know until recently that his real name is Peter Gene Hernandez.
I guess its a good thing his got an artistic name lol I dont see Peter Gene selling a lot of albums
I wonder if he picked "Mars" like the planet because he thinks he is "out of this world." lol
I think thats accurate, I mean he truly is unique, he writes his own music and few artist do that
That is definitely unique! So are the dogs I just heard about in Moscow that have actually learned to ride the subway.
Dogs are really smart so that doesnt surprise me, you know dogs are not colorblind the can also see colors but not as much as humans.
I remember learning that on the Sesame Street show. I think Bruno Mars was on that show once, too!
He was? I missed that episode lol, Mars was named after a wressler, Bruno Sammartino
Mars is a pretty cool planet. I think I once heard the sunsets are blue...the opposite of ours. I wish I could see it!
It must be a beautiful planet to visit, theres a colonisation project planned for year 2023, I hope they make it.
2023? That doesn't seem like nearly enough time. I wonder what all the know that we don't realize yet?
Its a short time but maybe things are almost set up, it most be a really expensive project though, I would sure watch that reality tv show.
Makes me wonder if Mars has some time of resource that we will be wanting to extract...?
Im sure there are a lot of valuable minerals and also water we just have to dig deeper, there is a lost satellite on Mars I wonder if the reality TV crew can recover it.
Meant type of resource. lol They say it is red from iron...I wonder if we need more iron for all the machines we are making to take over the workforce?
Im not sure but I dont think finding iron is worth it, there must be gold and other valuable minerals in the plant, maybe unknown minerals to men, who knows what can be found there.
Yeah I think iron would be too heavy to take all the way from Mars. I wonder if we even can study new bacteria there?
Yeah I bet bateria can be studied and we can find new forms of life for sure even if they are microscopic.
Are you a dog or a cat person? maybe fan of neither of thsoe animals
Hello - I love dogs. Not a huge fan of cats. What about you?
I have a dog too so I would say I am a dog person for sure, just love them
Did you know there are 12 different blood types for dogs?
I didnt know that, I have to get my dog tested then, 
Apparently, dogs can donate blood through dog blood drives too.
So interesting, you know Google also likes dogs, they are a dog company
I have heard that before. Sounds like it would be pretty cool to work for Google.
It must be cool, its a big company, so do you also like astronomy, one of my dreams is to visit Mars one day
It's a very big company. I love astronomy. Mars would be cool to see.
It must, I hear that lichens and cyanobacteria can live in the planet so maybe we can some day
Very interesting. Going back to dogs, did you know Istanbul has vending machines that dispense water and food for stray dogs in exchange for plastic bottles?
No I didnt know that, sounds like theres a lot of happy doggies in Istanbul, good strategy to keep the streets clean
Very great idea. Dogs and elephants are the only animals to understand pointing.
Dogs can also see color so they are really smart animals
I always thought they were colorblind. 
No, they can see color just not as much colors as we do, 
That's very cool. Do you like Bruno Mars?
I do like him, I think his a great artist, what about you?
I also think he is a great artist with great songs.
He is, did you know he writes his own music? but anyway its been great chatting with you, hope we can do it again in the near future, 
I did not know that. It was great chatting with you as well!
Have you seen Wonder Woman ?
Nope, any good? 
Me neither, it was high grossing, so a lot of people saw it, I was hoping you were one of them. 
Nah, not my kind of flick. Some of the super hero movies are ok, like the Batmans with Bale were great. But some kind of suck. 
Gal Gadot thought she was auditioning for Cat woman when she did the first audition for Wonder Woman, so maybe she is a Batman fan.  
Interesting. Is she the star of the film?
Yes, she is, there is also Chris Pine, but I don't think your are a fan of Chris Pine. 
Interesting, he is the son of the main character from Chips the cop show. 
I remember that show in the 80s. What kind of movie do you like ?
I tend to like Dramas, and you? 
I like lots of different kinds of movies, like Blazing Saddles, it is really good, it was nominated for 3 Oscars. 
Interesting, is that the one with Billy Crystal? 
Blazing Saddles is a Mel Brook comedy film in the 70s. The cowboy movie with Billy Crystal is City Slickers and was filmed in the 90s.  
Whoops, I don't think I've seen the mel Brooks film. Is it any good? 
Oh yeah it is a classic, but it is wacky/absurd style of comedy. If you don't like that style, you will be angry that it got 3 nominations. 
Interesting. I don't think those awards mean anything anyways. 
You are kind of right, Eminem won more Oscars than Georges Lucas,Bill Murray and Leonardo DeCaprio combined.
This is interesting. What did he win them for, do you know? 
He did a movie. Maybe he won one for that, but most of them would be for  best song.
Interesting. I was wondering if it was for 8 Mile. Anyways nice chatting with you!
You too, have a good afternoon. 
Hey are you going to watch the Academy Awards this year?
Probably not. I don't have cable any more. Are you?
No I don't have cable, and I don't even watch regular TV haha. Usually I just check on who won though, are you going to check on that? You ever watch movies at all
I don't usually check - will probably see the winners on facebook. I like to watch movies and tv shows on hulu or netflix. Pretty cool taht the Academy Awards have been around since 1930 when it was broadcasted on the radio.
I think that's pretty cool too. And their first TV broadcast was back in 1953. It's interesting that they are the largest and oldest worldwide entertainment awards ceremony, I wonder what other countries watch them? Maybe France or something does
Have you seen the latest Wonder Woman movie?
Yes I saw that. It took place in World War 1, which is very unusual setting for movie I think. What did you like about it? Personally I thought it was ok
Sounds interesting - I haven't seen it, but I would like to. Gal Gadot served two years as a soldier in the israel defense forces, I was surprised to learn.
That is interesting. I think that all Israeli citizens have to do that though. And yes, that movie is the highest grossing superhero origin movie, and also highest grossing World War One movie. They should make more World War 1 movies I think
Oh I didn't know that about Israeli citizens. I agree about making more WW1 movies.
I guess in 2017 that was the Year where are the top three most successful movies were all led by females, that makes sense though, that's the year that Star Wars and Beauty and the Beast and Wonder Woman all came out
Have you seen Star Wars or Beauty and the Beast? I've only seen Beauty and the Beast.
I have seen both of those. I really hated the Star Wars movie. I thought they ruined Luke Skywalker. And I thought Beauty and the Beast was ok, I think that they just stole everything from the cartoon version, and it was almost exactly the same, except they made new additions that were not as good, what do you think?
I thought it was just okay too. I was kind of disappointed with some of the special effects - like the character of Lumiere didn't look right to me.
Yeah I agree with you he looks weird in the movie. It's funny that Gal Gadot thought she was testing for the role of Catwoman. That is a completely different role LOL
Yeah that is not even close, haha.
Pretty funny how times have changed so in terms of female representation. When she was a member of the Justice Society, and that was back in 1941, I guess they made her a secretary LOL definitely not an acceptable way to show her nowadays
Yes times have changed for sure. Pretty crazy that the sun can produce energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire  planet for 500000 years.
That is impressive. I wish we could harness that somehow, that would really help save the planet I think. It's all so crazy that the sun is actually white, you're always taught in school that it's yellow, but that's because of our atmosphere
Yeah that is cool. And it is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy.
It seems small, but the sun is actually huge, the diameter is 110 times the size of Earth, that's crazy because the Earth is already huge in my opinion haha
did you know that Wonder Woman is the top grossing super hero origin movie? I didn't know that
No.  I would have guessed Black Panther.  Wonder Woman is a DC character which I prefer to Marvel.
See I like Batman as my favorite overall superhero, so he is DC, but I can't say I'm a fan of the rest of the DC characters, they seem too unbelievable, who are your favorite DC characters?
I grew up with Superman comics.  Such a powerful superhero makes the writers have to come up with preposterous villains though.  It is interesting that Gal Gadot was really a soldier for Israel.
Yes that definitely adds more legitimacy to her character, but I do think eveery Israeli is required by law to serve in the military, but that still is an interesting fact
Her first movie was Batman (your guy) vs Superman (my guy) in 2016.  She signed for 3 movies in her first contract which kept her price low.
haha I like that, your guy vs my guy, what did you think of that movie? I still like Christopher Reeve as the best Superman, Superman 1 and 2 are really good movies still, can't say I'm too thrilled with the current Superman movies
It was a watchable movie.  I agree with Reeve as Superman.  2017 was the first year since 1958 that the top 3 grossing domestic films had a female lead.  
ya that is shocking, you mentioned Gal Gadot, I guess when she auditioned for wonder woman she thought it was originally a try out for catwoman, which would have been a much different movie haha
When the character was introduced to the Justice League, they made her be the secretary.  That would not fly in the climate of political correctness of today.
oh no not at all, it's crazy how quickly times change, I also think its crazy that Wonder Woman was the highest grossing WWI movie, you don't see too many movies based on that war
That is true.  It is also interesting that one of the producers was a Chinese company.  I suspect that somehow helped the film appear on more screens in China.
haha yes I defnitely that that factored into it, do you liek Daniel Day-Lewis, I can't believe that he won an oscar for best actor 3 times, that is crazy
He does what he does well.  They have been giving Oscars since 1929.  This year there will not be a host because of political correctness.
did they not pick a host now? I know they changed it from Kevin Hart or something, I try not to read the news because it is too depressing and exhausting, I like random facts like how a lightening bolt is five times hotter than the surface of the sun haha
No.  They are going without a host.  I cannot conceive of a star one billion times as large as our sun, yet one exists in our galaxy.
what is wild too is that the sun makes enough energy in one second to meet our planet's needs for 500,000 years, I don't see how we can't capture some of that
Surely future generations will get better at doing that.  It is clearly the most important energy source in our solar system.
yes the future will definitely improve our technology, I think it's wild that the sun is actually white, it's just because of our atmosphere that it appears yellow in the sky
I agree.  I thought it was yellow because it was not as hot as a white star but is hotter than a red one.  How about Neptune only orbiting the sun once since it was discovered?
Yes that seems odd, I wonder if we will get to visit any of these distant planets in our lifetime, what do you think?
Did you know that dog's have 12 different blood types, and that they can donate blood at blood drives for dogs?
no i didnt know that. i love dogs. Best kind of helpers there are. Very good for the disable. Have you any experience with that kind of help from dogs?
I have a dog, he's not much of a physical help, but he's emotional support. He keeps me company and always makes me laugh.
thants super sweet.  I wonder what a dog or any other kind of animal would do on a different plant. Lets say Mars. I know its a long way, but still fun to think about
It would be weird if dogs ruled mars. That would be a concept.
very weird. I know the atmosphere has alot to do with it. But still someone got to atleast put it in a movie so we can see it. Heard about the 2013 plan for mars?
Yeah I heard that there's a colonization project planned for 2023 that will be funded by creating a reality TV show.
Now thats crazy! they should bring dogs...They could make for better TV. Dogs are pretty intelligent. 
Yeah they are. Did you know that Google prefers dogs to cats? Their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company. That makes me want to support them more. 
thats so cool to know.  I know my dog also kinda acts like me at time. Dogs just pick up on our behavior. I do wish they could pick up us talking lol
My dog is lazy like me, like right now he's just sitting in my chair with me. I wish my dog could talk sometimes just so I could know what he wanted instead of just staring at me.
lol same. Or if they could sing, when I do play music my dog barks in rhythm. Any time I listen to Bruno Mars he loves it.... you like his music?
That's awesome. Mine just looks at me weird when I sing. I do like music though, I'm always listening to it.
I love how he writes some of the best songs. interesting to know he use to be with Motown. Love that label.
He's very talented and he writes his own music, that speaks a lot for his talent. 
He started off as an Elvis, which i have seen on youtube. very interesting to see. Maye he will go to Mars on that reality show lol
He could be the host of it! 
hahah Totally! and play all the music on the planet.
He could wrestle people since he was named after professional wrestler Bruno Sammartino. 
hahaha that would be entertaining too. dont forget about the dog, it has to be there to trying to sing ad being a helped paw hand lol
That would be epic! It was nice chatting with you!
Hey there do you like dogs or cats more? I'm definitely a dogs person
Same here!  They are man's best friend!
Yep I agree! And I never knew that they had 12 different blood types, that's crazy! I think humans only have like five or six
Isn't that crazy?  Dogs can also donate blood at dog blood drives. lol
That's interesting I hope they get a treat afterwards! I think it's crazy though that only two types of animals can understand human pointing and they are the elephant and the dog
I agree!  I like how google is a dog company and prefers dogs to cats.  They even state in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.
That is pretty cool. I also like what istanbul is doing with their stray dogs, they are training them to pick up garbage and then they will get food once they deliver the garbage to the recycling center
That's a great idea!  Did you know that dogs are not color blind?  They just can't see as many different colors as humans.
No I didn't know that. I wonder why people say that all the time. On a different note though, do you ever think about the planet Mars? It's the red planet in our solar system
I do.  It's also the fourth planet from the sun and the second smallest planet in the solar system after Mercury.
Yes you're right. It's also crazy that if you and I were there right now our voices would be higher-pitched because of the difference in the atmosphere on Mars vs. Earth
Interesting!  Lichens and cyanobacteria would be able to thrive on Mars.
It is interesting. It's also interesting that they are trying to plan a Mars colonization project that will be funded by a reality show, I really want to see that!
That would be fun to watch.  A satellite was lost on Mars because Locheed Martin used the imperial system while NASA used the metric system.
Haha that is funny. I remember when that happened. It's also crazy that if we could just travel at one unit of gravity acceleration then we could get to Mars in 2 days, I hope we can do that in our lifetime
That would be awesome!  Do you know much about Bruno Mars?
In a little bit. I know that he was born in 1985 and is very talented he writes his own music
Yes. He was signed and dropped by Motown records years before becoming a success.
Well that is cool. And he was also named after a professional wrestler, bruno sammartino
That is neat!  Do you know how Bruno Mars started out?
Yes I believe he started as an Elvis impersonator and didn't even use his original name when he started doing live performances
what do you think about liberal arts degrees? personally I don't think there is important as engineering degrees
I agree. I dont think they are important as engineering degrees.  Do you know much about artifical intelligence?  
Yeah I know a little bit. Apparently there is a nonprofit organization that is constantly trying to Advance AI research
Yeah and stanford has a class that uses google hangouts to help them teach more efficiently. 
Yeah that's pretty cool. I think it's scary that Facebook is developing an AI though. It would be able to predict users actions and emotions
That is creepy,  I have seen some youtube video on actual AI robots,  they are weird. 
Yeah I think a guy is creepy. It's also crazy that there was an AI that scientists created who could beat humans at a puzzle game called 2048, i don't like that!
Yeah there is a huge theory that way in the future humans will be like pets of AI's or raised in captivity of the AI robots. 
Yeah that wouldn't surprise me. It does surprise me though that the actress from the Twilight series, Kristen Stewart, actually authored a paper on artificial intelligence, I did not see that coming LOL
Oh wow,  thats cool I guess.  I hope she is better at writing. 
Yes, I hope she's good at writing. I don't care for her acting, personally. Do you ever read any books by the way? Apparently the FDA burned six tons of books at some point in an act of censorship
wow thats a big statement. 
Yeah I think it's scary. I used to read a lot of books but not so much anymore, and I never knew that kissing in a romantic fashion is actually a recent development and was not present in Greek literature
Me either!  That is interesting.  I would like to see the contest where authors come up with the worst opening sentence. 
Yeah I wonder what that would be haha. What do you think about Winston Churchill by the way? Apparently he won a Nobel Prize for literature not peace, but I know he was super important during World War II so I wonder why that is
I know he was the prime minister of England and they made a movie about it lol Thats awesome,  wow nobel prize!
yes thats impressive! I'm shocked that architecture, literature, painting, and music were originally Olympic events! I wonder how they judged that? It must just be very subjective
I feel like olympics should be a physical competition.  Those subjects should be a different event lol
Haha yes I agree with you. Are using a computer right now? I know that I am and I find it scary that there are people that would upload their brains to a computer! What if you got a virus
Wow that is some sci fi stuff,  have you ever seen that show Black Mirror?  Well they have an episode on that it was creepy.  I would definitely be scared to do something like that. 
I have seen that show. I do like it, have you heard of the computer that the Russians made? Apparently they made it back in 1936 and it can run on water, but anyway take care was a great chat
Winston Churchill won a Nobel peace prize for in literature not peace.
huh that is interesting, I like WWII history it's one of my hobbies, he played a very important role in that war
I wish i had the patience for it. Edgar A. Poe received $9 for his poem the Raven. 
that is too bad that is a great poem, did you know that romantic kissing didn't always exist and is a recent invention
I did not hard to believe. Did you know that there is a poem that when read is depressing but when read backward is inspiring. 
no I din't I want to see that poem, have you heard of the fantasy author Terry Pratchtt?
I haven't but id like to see that poem as well. you know if you publish a book in Norway the government will purchase 1000 copies. 
ooof well at least you have guaranteed sales, anyway Terry was knighted for his "services to ligerature" which is interesting< i never heard of him
me either. there are more libraries in the US than there are Micky D's
well that is good at least, did you know there is a professor that teaches heavy metal as a form of literature, don't know that. I don't like that and I like heavy metal
Not me so much anymore. Did you know the FDA burn 6 tons of literature as an act of censorship. 
no I didn't, do you know why they burned the books? that seems really weird
They were trying to censor something they did not want to get out i'm assuming. 
ah I see, what I do think is crazy is that art, music, and poetry were olympic sports back in the day
poetry has a history dating back to prehistorical times. Creations like hunting poetry in Africa 
that is crazy, and apparently the vikings were warrior-poets, they killed people and also wrote poetry
Javanese alphabet when recited in order forms a poem
interesting I wonder what it says, do you liek Tupac? apparently he studied poetry in school
I was a big fan in my younger years. I do believe he prided himself on being a poet. 
ya I think so, I never listened to his music personally, I did watch lord of the rings and apparently tolkien would laugh at bad poetry with his friends
Interesting. well it was nice talking with you, enjoy the rest of the day. 
great you too, make sure to check out some poetry like the 274 line poem called "the chaos"
I love to read especially fiction. Do you feel the same?
I am an avid reader, most of mine is in non fiction, but I occasionally dabble in the fiction realm
Did you know that romantic kissing is a fairly recent development and it is rarely mentioned in old literature?
No, I kind of expected that to be a thing that has been around for a while, in the literature realm at least
Me too. I wonder why it was not really a practice a long time ago. How do you feel about censorship in literature?
I think it is horrible, especially the burning of literature.  Such a waste
I agree, I am totally against censorship. The FDA burned six tons of literature in an act of censorship in the US. That's devastating to me. 
I agree, especially for something that actually was once an onlympic event, you think it would be valued more
Literature was an Olympic event?! That's so strange. I don't even know how that would work. 
Along with Music, sculpture, painting and architecture in both 1912 and 1932.  Im not sure how you compete in those, but Im all for the arts
I'm for it to but Im also curious how you would compete. Did you know that Poe only received $9 for the publication of The Raven? That's so sad that his genius was not credited until after his death. 
That must have been frustrating for him.  He is such an iconic poet now, too bad his talent wasn't recognized when he was alive.  
I agree. Did you know that Churchill won a Nobel prize for literature but not one for peace?
I always thought his prize was for peace, that is really interesting.
It is very unexpected. I don't get there much anymore but I used to go to the library a lot. How about you?
I havent been in forever.  I usually just buy books now, I really should go back and check it out.  I think it is cool that Sacramento has a library of things that people can check out that they need briefly but not long term.
That is an amazing idea. I wish I had access to a place like that. I am very glad that there are still more libraries in the US than McDonald's. We need to keep libraries protected. 
We really do, we need support for literature too like in Norway where if you publish a book, the government will buy 1000 copies to put them in libraries.
That's a fantastic idea also. It's good for the writer and the library. I am also glad that half of adults still have library cards. I actually just went and got mine renewed yesterday. You can do so much with them now. Mine even has audiobooks you can access online. 
Really?  I should definitely check in to that. That would be cheaper than using Audible.  I remember in college using the Mircoform machines to read articles.  
Way cheaper. I've never actually used one of those machines but I know we used to have them. 
What do you think is a more important degree, liberal arts or engineering?
I think both have their place. I'm a science person myself, with a degree in chemistry, but I can totally appreciate studying more artistic things. How about you?
Yes I have an engineering degree, personally I think engineering is much more important than liberal arts, anyone can learn a liberal arts degree but that's just my opinion.
Yeah I agree that engineering is far more complex, but I still think that liberal arts are important. Maybe not to get a job, so it might be a waste of money to pursue that kind of degree, but the subject itself is worthwhile in my opinion. Do you know much about AI?
I know a little bit about it. I think there is a nonprofit organization actually that is responsible for promoting development of artificial intelligence
That's really cool! I read that Facebook is developing an artificial intelligence that can understand human emotions and predict behavior. Kind of crazy!
Wow that is crazy! I like Stanford's idea though, they are using artificial intelligence to help to teach students more efficiently with Google Hangouts
I think that's great! It makes classes so much more accessible to people. Did you know Kristen Stewart co-authored an artificial intelligence paper? I wonder how that turned out...
Wow I didn't know that was interested in artificial intelligence, did you know that artificial intelligence can Crush all human records in puzzle-solving
Yeah I read that they beat all of the records for the game "2048", but I'm not familiar with that game- are you?
No I've never played that game before, but it sounds very complex, do you read any books on artificial intelligence by the way
I never have! Honestly its not something I know much about. Have you read on the subject?
No I haven't read about artificial intelligence but I do you like to read on occasion, I even found out recently that romantic kissing is a recent invention and that they did not kiss each other back in the ancient Greeks time
I read that to! I also enjoy reading- apparently literature used to be an olympic event. I wonder how that worked?
It is a great question, it's also a real question on why the FDA burned six tons of literature, that sounds like censorship to me
Thats an insane amount of censorship, do you know when that happened? 
No I don't know when or why but it sounds very dubious to me, what do you think about Winston Churchill winning the nobel peace prize?
I was really surprised to find that he won for literature and not peace! Did you know that there is a contest every year where writers compete to come up with the worst opening sentence to a novel?
No I've never heard about that, do they use computers when they're writing? Apparently there are people called transhumanists how to upload their souls into computers
...no way? That's insane! I've never heard of that before. I wonder how they think they'll do that? I think I remember seeing a Johnny Depp movie where he did something like that lol
Yeah I think I saw that movie too, I also want to see a movie about the Russian computer that runs on water, they invented it back in 1936
Hi, do you ever get a chance to go to the library?
I do on occasion. I really want to check out that library in Sacramento that allows patrons to check out more than just books, stuff that's useful but also stuff we don't want to own in the long run. What about you?
A tool library is a great idea. It makes life so much easier for people that can't afford some basic tools. I don't usually get to the library much. I do research online.
I understand! But luckily there are more libraries than there are McDonald's here in the United States! Plus half the adult population owns library cards! That gives me a little hope! Ha!
If they could combine the two, it would be great! Get some books for the mind, and food for the big belly! A happy combo!
That is a great idea! Ha! Never considered that! So are you also a fan of poetry by chance? I personally love that one poem that is depressing when you read it, but inspiring when you read it backwards!
I never heard of that poem. I guess it must be famous. Never read it in school. I wonder who wrote it. I don't know much about poetry.
It's very interesting.  I highly recommend it to you! If you're a fan of the hobbit, nearly if the character names were taken from an Icelandic poem called Dvergatal.
Tolkien loved language, so I'm not surprised that he took names from obscure sources. He wrote the LOTR series because he could create languages for the different races.
That's pretty interesting! Hey, even the Javanese alphabet actually forms a poem when it's recited in order! That is amazing!
I guess it's not like the ABC song, which is just letters. Language is fascinating. I'm shocked that Edgar Allan Poe only received $9 for the publication of his poem, "The Raven."
That is shocking considering how legendary it is today. He was ripped off! Wonder if Demetri Martin received much for the 224 word Palindrome poem he wrote?
A palindrome that long must have taken years to write. How did he do it? Did he win an award? I hope so. 
I hope so as well! But all in all, I'm a fan of literature in general. It's crazy to think Winston Churchill won a Nobel Prize for literature and not peace back in 1953.
I would expect Churchill to have won for something else like peace because he tried so hard to end war and help the world. I guess he wrote a good memoir or something? I don't know.
I suppose so but you do make a great point there! Can you also believe the FDA once burned six tons of literature in an act of US censorship? That is unbelievable and ridiculous!
I guess they thought they were helping the country and its morality. Silly. Too many books get banned. I think it's part of freedom of speech to read what you want.
Exactly! Heck, even literature along with architecture, painting, music, etc. were all Olympic events up until 1952!
I find that strange. How are those things athletic? There should be contests, but in a different arena. Not sports.
I suppose that's why they got rid of them. But in a humorous note, There's actually a contest that challenges writers to come up with horrible opening sentences for novels. I'd love to see some of the examples. Ha!
Ah, yes, I've heard of that contest. "It was a dark and stormy night." Yes, lots of fun. Anyway, it was fun chatting!
Ha! Can't imagine what it would have been like without romantic kissing since it's a fairly new development and is hardly found in ancient Greek literature! It was great chatting with you as well. Take care!
Are you into Artificial Intelligence?
Not really.  It's interesting, though.  Are you?
I love it. A lot of people are afraid that it may take over and take jobs away.
Yeah, people are afraid for sure.  Personally, I think it could only make the world better
It is already making a huge impact on everyday life by helping us do things we do everyday like communicate
No doubt.  As time goes by it can do many things for us.  Robo farmers are coming in Britain
That will be extremely beneficial to the world. Automated cars will be of great value too
I totally agree.  Human drivers are dangerous!  No more drunk driving.  No more texting and driving!  Imagine all the lives that will be saved. 
The car I have now is essentially automated
Awesome!  AI could allow people to focus on things that a machine could never do.  Like being creative, for instance
AI is even present in medicine now days. Some surgeries can be done with the assistance of AI and doctor supervision
A machine will not accidently leave something in a patient.  Machines have no empathy, so the Doctor's role will not go away
I think you are right. I am curious to see how Art and Music integrate AI
Yeah, no doubt. AI may assist with the recording of music, replacing the sound engineer maybe.  It'll be interesting to see 
Many of the large tech executives have degrees in humanities and english and not science like you might think
That actually does not surprise me.  Those subjects can help you gain insight that engineering can't.  I think both are important to study
As computers have advanced so to has AI.
I didn't know that a woman wrote the first algorithm.  
Pretty amazing for sure. The space shuttle runs off of a relatively small computer and the russians have one that runs on water
Kristen Stewart co-wrote an paper about AI, I had no idea
One of the first published papers I believe.
Hello. Do you know much about AI?
Not much, Terminator taught me to be fearful of AI! 
I am not sure what I think of machines mimicking humans. Makes me nervous!
A machine learning and problem solving is scary, and they keep getting smarter.
I know. Honestly the idea of autonomous operating cars scares me most.
Even scarier than self driving cars is the fact that actress Kristen Stewart coauthored a paper on AI.  
Funny. I guess Facebook is also getting in on the action by developing an AI that understands emotions, predicts actions, and identifies objects in photos.
I wonder what the purpose of that is. AI just crushes human intelligence, in the game 2048 it beat the game in only 973 moves.
Not sure but there is a non profit organization that is working on more advancement of AI.
Stanford uses google plus hangouts to help teach artificial intelligence class.
I think I will stick to computers for now. 
We are very lucky to have computers, devices that carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations.
It's cool that someone built a computer using nothing but minecraft building blocks
I want to know where the water run computer is, Russians made one in 1936.
There are so many programs nowadays too for computers. 
And then you have the people that want to upload their consciousness to computers, wonder if that essentially makes them a program.
Probably, sounds insane to me. Also insane to think that if you smoke near an apple computer you void the warranty.
Yes, wonder what makes it a biohazard after that.  All those old engineers and programmers used to smoke like chimneys. 
No doubt! Did you know the space shuttle's regular computer runs on only 1mb of RAM.
That seems impossible, so much has to be ran on that computer. 
I know, right? Nice chat!
Have a good night!
hi, do you enjoy reading?
Hello there, I do, how about yourself?
yes me too. did you know the fda once burned 6 tons of books?
No I never heard that before, that is very interesting though.  
yeah and sad to be honest
Yeah it is.  On a different subject, did you know that Terry Pratchett was knighted?
did not know that. did you know literature was an olympic sport?
What, that doesn't sound like that sport at all, but whatever they want to do I guess. 
well, it no longer is but i would have liked to see what that involved
Yeah it must have been something pretty amazing to be included if you ask me. 
yeah for sure. did you know churchill won a nobel prize?
No I didn't know that, do you know what he won it for?
yeah for literature. I guess he was smart all around
That's pretty cool, I think we need more leaders here who are very smart. 
yeah I agree with that. do you like poetry?
I do enjoy some good poetry, do you?  And did you know vikings were considered poets?
did not know that. have you heard about the japanese alphabet?
No I haven't, what is that about?
if you read it in order it forms a poem
Oh ok, ill have to check one out one day soon here. 
sounds cool. do you know where the characters for the movie the hobbit were taken from?
Well they were all taken from the series of books, those are so good.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
Do you wear a costume on Halloween?
Yes, only on one day a year though. I am not like those celebrities that can wear whatever they want any day of the year. I love the Kardashians though.
Heidi Klum and her boyfriend dressed as Fiona and Shrek. She had people work on her prosthetics, hair and makeup. This took hours.
How cute and yeah I bet it would take a team of people to make Heidi Klum look ugly. She is a supermodel.
You said you like the Kardashians. They dressed up as the Victoria's Secret angels. The lingerie company even gave them the wings.
Oh wow, that sounds about right. They are so elaborate all of the time. I thnk Beyonce is funny, she dressed up at Phoni Braxton, rather than Toni Braxton, punny.
Olive Munn posted costumes of her dresseing up as people whom she admires. That's pretty cool.
Aww, that's sweet. I think Justin Timberlake is kind of sneaky because he dressed up like the Lego Batman and was able to conceal his complete identity. He would walk around with his kids unnoticed.  
Yeah, that is cool he got to go trick or treating with them.
I like how some celebrities, like Johnny Depp, use his costume to make surprise visits to hospitals to see sick kids. He wears his Jack Sparrow sometimes. 
That is so cool! I'd love to see panda researchers in action though since they dress up as pandas.
I know I would love to see that! What a great work environment and atmosphere. How fun would that be. I have heard that some costumes have been lost in in transit when flying too.
Johnny Depp would probably be upset if that happened to him. He travels with his Jack Sparrowcostume to make impromptu visits to sick kids in hospitals
Yeah, he is a sweet guy. I was just watching Judge Judy and she isn't so sweet. But she makes a ton of money per episode I have heard.
She is the highest paid celebrity after Lebron James
Dang, thats crazy. Do you know how much she makes?
$123,000 per episode. That is pretty sweet! I wonder if she has been to the secret Pixar room for celebrities.
Oh, that is a big pay day. 
Do you like celebrity chefs? There is one who believes he can combat hunger.
Yes, they are great. I have to go watch Sesame Street with my kids. Did you Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appears on there?
I didn't know that. I guess celebrity voices in cartoon is a fairly recent thing. Robin Williams was the first to start the trend, in the movie Aladdin.
Hi there! What are you up to tonight? I'm hanging out watching TV.
Hi! I love to watch TV! Especially horror films. In fact, I found out recently that ET was actually scripted to be a horror film. Can you imagine what a scary ET would have been like?
I thought ET was freaky enough! Did you know Stephen King was terrified as a kid when he saw the movie Bambi?
He was terrified of Bambi? Goodness he must truly have a twisted view on things. Ha! Meanwhile, apparently not a single person on The Exorcist crew thought it would be considered a horror movie during filming. What is wrong with people? Ha!
Right! I don't get that at all. I mean, that movie was just gross. 
Agreed! It certainly was. So did you ever see Inception? Chris Nolan actually wanted it to be a horror film initially but it evolved into a heist film instead. Wonder what that would have been like?
No, I do not think I am familiar with that one. It's hard to believe horror has existed as a genre for more than a century!
Indeed! I also think it's cool that horror was inspired by legendary authors like Bram Strokes, Edgar Allan Poe and Mary Shelley!
I really liked Edgar Allen poe movies!
His literature was amazing. Did you also know the original Scream movie was going to be titled Scary Movie initially? I kind of like Scream better!
Oh, yeah that would really change things up a lot! Did you know the water phone is the instrument that is used in horror films to make creepy music.
I didn't know that but always wondered how they make that noise! On a lighter note, I think it's funny the dad's voice on Phineas and Ferb was the Rocky Horror Picture Show writer!
Was he really? I really love that show! We watched it all the time when my kids were younger.
It was a great show, wasn't it? So do you also watch the Academy Awards? I always wish I could have seen the Oscar Walt Disney won back in 1938 for Snow White. The Oscar he received was special because it had seven miniature statues along with a regular sized statuette! That's hilarious!
Yes, it certainly was! I get the award shows confused. I know the 90th AA were in 2017 though. 
Did you also know only Walt Disney has been nominated for more Oscars than John Williams?
No, I did not know that. I can imagine why Walt had so many though. What a great imagination brought to life!
That is so true! I also think Lady Gaga has a great imagination as well! Speaking of Lady Gaga, did you know she was actually on the MTV show Boiling Point before she became famous?
No, I'll have to look that up. It's hard to believe her and Bradley Cooper remade A Star is Born only because it is 80 years old.
I know, right? I think it was sweet of her to buy $1000 worth of pizzas for her fans waiting in line for her one time. I wish more celebs could be like her.
Aww. That was sweet! Nice chatting with you.
I think it's even sweeter her stage name came from the song Radio Ga Ga by Queen! Well, it was nice chatting with you as well! Have a great evening, friend!
okay, bye
do you like Lady Gaga?
I do. Do you know her full name?
Her name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta
Yeah. Do you know how she got the name lady gaga?

Yes that was a predictive tect glitch for radio to lady

Yeah. Did you know she once worked with the LAPD?

Yes she notified them of road work.
Yeah. SHe is the godmother of Elton John's child
Nice. Her favorite band is Iron Maiden
And she was on Boiling Points before she was famous
Yes that was on MTV, I remember that
Yeah. Do you watch the Academy Awards?
Sometimes. Did you know Day Lewis has won it three time?
Yes and for the same category, best actor, wow
I know. Blazzing saddles was also nominated for three oscars
Yeah. EMinem has more oscars under his name than Leo di Caprio
Yes and more than Johnny Depp and George Lucas and some other big names
Crazy. It was nice chatting with you
I know but good for him, he is a great artist. Yes have a good one
Yes, and forgot to mention Bill Murray and WIll Smith in there
Yeah and these are all combined. Awesome. Have a good one
Who is the male star in the latest "A Star is Born"?
bradley cooper. apparently there have been 3 other versions before this one. I didnt know that
Interesting.    Do you know when the first was made?
1937. and who was the leading lady?
Wow, that's a long time ago.     I think I heard Janet Gaynor was the name of the starlet.
correct! and barbra streisand was the last leading lady. Im sure she did an excellent job also.
She always does a good job, but didn't Lady Gaga star in the latest version?
yes i meant the last leading lady before lady gaga. sorry. im surprised lady gaga was such a hit considering shes fairly new to acting
The middle one starred Judy Garland, only a few years after the Wizard of Oz.
so lots of amazing female singers. I was mistaken apparently lady gaga acted in school plays and went to a school for the arts. so maybe acting isnt so new to her just new to us
Cool.    What is Gaga's real name?  I know she was born in 1986.
stefani
OK.    Do you know her full name?   I think Joanne is one of her middle names.
and angelini. she must be a true italian with all the names lol
I know she studied music too.    Do you know where?
new york university. did you hear that she once bought $1000 worth of pizza for fans
Well, when you have 11.4 million twitter followers, you have to keep them happy!
thats insane. can you imagine so many people adoring you? its pretty impressive that her first big picture is up for an oscar
She is young enough that she might compete with Daniel Day-lewis and his record 3 wins!
and yet people like brad pitt, harrison ford and johnny depp have never won an oscar thats impressive for her part.
Eminem has more oscars than George Lucas.   Crazy!
I was just thinking that lol. and george lucas's wife won an oscar for star wars editing and he didnt win any and its probably the most praised series of all times
Well, Walt Disney holds 22!    Anyway, thanks for the chat!
Hello, who is your favorite celebrity?
I love Demi Lovato a lot, and I loved Mac Miller (RIP). They seem(ed) pretty nice but some can be pretty flashy, like Heidi Klum. Did you know she dressed up as Princess Fiona from Shrek?
Really? I did not know that! Kim Kardashian was in a music video from fall out boy!
That's so cool. She actually was Paris Hilton's personal assistant before she got famous and was her stylist. Do you like Kim Kardashian?
No, I am not the biggest fan of her although I do check up on her social media from time to time. What about you?
I don't really like her. I'm not quite sure why she's famous. She has a big social media presence though.
That is true. Kim has a book regarding why she is 'a trailblazer of the selfie movement'. 
Yeah, I've heard of it, it's all just selfies of her! Did you see that she was recently dethroned as the most-liked photo on Instagram? It was by a picture of an egg. Literally, a plain egg.
Ah, that beautiful egg. I liked that photo a total of three times on my three different Instagram accounts. How many times did you like it?
I actually do not have Instagram, I think it can be pretty addicting and toxic for some people, and I think I'm one of those people. I love that photo though!
I am glad someone decided to do that, I mean it was about time that someone else held the crown of most liked photo on instagram!
I agree! It's time to put Kim in her place haha. And her husband, too: I think Kanye used to be great but now I don't know...
Yep, his popularity has definitely taken a hit. Pixar apparently has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities!
That's so cool! I wonder what they do there. Speaking of Pixar, did you know Robin Williams was the first celebrity to do a voice over in an animated film? Disney owns Pixar, in case you didn't know.
Disney owns a lot of things. Don't you think that it would be much cheaper to hire a nobody to do voiceovers rather than a celebrity? 
Yes I agree! But honestly, one of the only reasons I watched Boss Baby was because it had Alec Baldwin in it... Maybe that idea works!
Possibly. Hiring celebrities are not cheap. Judge Judy earns 123,000 per episode!
That's so shocking! I heard the cast of Friends made $1 million per episode at the very end! Isn't that insane?
That is a lot of money for one episode! Carol Burnett was the very first celebrity to appear on sesame street!
That's so cool. There have been so many after that. Lindsay Lohan, Jason DeRulo, Will Arnett, BACKSTREET BOYS!
Ah, that brings back memories. You liked the backstreet boys too didn't you?
I did! I still do, they're great. What a great band!
DO you like costumes?
I love them. Do you know what Bob Denver did for his make a wish for the kids?
I have no idea, was it something fun?
Yes it was he allowed them to rescue him from an island with him on a gilligan costume
Wow that is so cool. Did you know that panda researchers wear panda costumes?
That is pretty cool. Did you know that there is someone else named Justin Bieber?

Really and is he a singer too by any chance?
No but he was banned from facebook just because of the name
Wow that is too much. Did you know Pixar has a secret room?

Really, what is in there?

Actually I do not know, you have to be a celebrity to get in there
I see. Do you know who holds the record for most granted make-a-wish?
I am not sure of that but do you know who is the highest paid celebrity?

I do not know, who is it? It is John Cena with the most wishes granted

WOw that is awesome. It is LeBron James as the most paid
Wow did not know he is making that much money now. 
Yes he makes more than Judge Judy and she makes $123 000 per episode
WOw nice. Paris Hilton is the most overrated celebrity
No way. Did you know that Robin Williams was the voice of Aladdin ?
That is pretty awesome. Nice chat
Same here have a good one
Do you like to wear costumes?
I like coming up with costumes for Halloween and wearing them on that day (or whenever the Halloween parties are), but I don't get super wild about it like Heidi Klum or Beyonce or celebs like that.  I keep it a little more low key.  What about you?
I love costumes as well, Halloween is one of my favorite days in the year, Panda research wear costumes everyday, Panda costumes
Yea I think that's hilarious.  I'm sure it's to keep the actual Pandas calm or whatever, but it seems so silly, sipping your coffee on the way into the office... wearing a panda costume.
I guess its part of a normal routine to them, Johny Depp also likes to wear costumes to cheer kids in hospitals
That's really sweet when celebrities do stuff like that.  Depp is not my fav, but I give him credit for that.  I also like it when celebs like Justin Timberlake get so dressed up they aren't recognizable and mingle in with normal folks who have no idea the celeb is there.
Ive seen some sketches, one of Maroon 5 they were in disguise and started playing then people realized it was them and the crowd grew at an accelerated rate
It's like costumes play an important role in society... as in, they can be a cultural thing, but also a way to connect to others.  I think one of my favorite instances of this is when Kyrie Irving the basketball player dressed up as an old man and went to a public court to play.  He schooled everyone and it was really funny.
I didnt hear about that one but it does sound funny lol, do you know who Kim Kardashian is?
Yes, I do.  I don't really pay attention to her, though I was happy to learn she's advocating for victims of Armenian genocide.  What do you think about her?
I think she's had a lot of controversies over the years,
Yea I think she's beautiful, but in that L.A.-wealthy-plastic surgery kind of way that isn't so great.  Did you ever watch her reality show?  I watched parts of an episode or two, but I mostly avoided it.
I did, I didn't really like it I think she gives a terrible example to teens
Yea, I remember the Ray J thing.  I wonder if that was a coordinated publicity stunt, or if she just turned it in her favor, or if it was actually a traumatic thing for her but people ended up paying more attention to her anyway?  In any case, the whole thing was less than wholesome...
Celebrities tend to bring a lot of drama to our lifes, they earn a lot of money too just like Judge Judy, she makes about $123000 per episode
Yea she's paid a lot to get into people's faces a bit!  I can't believe she's second to Lebron James as far as her income goes.  I'd like to see them play 1-on-1 on the court though.
That would be interesting indeed, LeBron has an unfair advantage though, did you hear about Pixars secret room?
I did!  I wonder what's so secret about it?  I know that Pixar often includes the number "a113" in their movies because it's a reference to the original office they did their work in or something.  Do you have a favorite Pixar movie?
Not really or can be, I just cant recall one right now, was Aladdin a pixar movie? Robie Williams nailed it by performing Aladdins voice
I don't think that was, I think it was a Disney movie before they bought Pixar.  That was a nice movie, and Robin Williams was great.  I heard Will Smith is going to play that same role, and apparently people are up in arms about that.  Not sure why though.
I hope Will Smith is up for the role, he is a great actor but Robin Williams was just great, sad how things ended for him thoughh
Do you like computers? 
I love my laptop, I can't leave home without it. How about you
Me too. Did you know the space shuttle only runs on 1mb of ram? 
I did not know that! Is that a lot or a little, i never know size
That is not a lot. I think my computer might have more. 
ha nice, I am sure mine does too, it is rather new. Did you know captcha is an anagram?
No, I didn't know that. Did you know you could build a 16 bit computer using minecraft building blocks? 
ha wow i did not know that, I will have to try it out. I will have to read about it, do you read much?
I read a little bit. What about transhumanists?
What is that, I never heard of transhumanists?
It is when you upload your mind to a computer and memory sticks. 
ha wow, that is some interesting science! I like reading about romantic kissing sometimes, that didn't exist in ancient greece
Interesting. I didn't know that. Did you know Kim Jun Un has a degree in phsyics? 
I wonder where he got it from lol. The university of kim jung un? lol
I think they sent him abroad when he was younger, but I'm not sure. 
I think you're right. If i remember right it was switzerland or something. I like learning about physics. Do you?
Interesting. No, I'm not a physics fan. But I know that chinese dye may lead to breakthroughs in quantum physics. 
I remember i got to go to an amusement park in high school because of physics. I defintely didn't study quantum physics or help the cause
Did you know smoking near an apple computer voids its warranty? 
Ha no way, I am sure it discolors it also! Did you know windows 95 was second most downloaded software after the game doom, interesting.
I can believe it. That game was popular. Nice chatting with you. 
Hello, Do you enjoy reading literature?
Yes, sometimes. I would have liked to have seen what the FDA burned.
I know isn't that terrible! Did you know Winston Churchill won a Nobel prize for literature?
I did not.  I knew he had the "gift of gab" but not writing.  I can't believe that romantic kissing is a recent development and the ancient Greeks didn't reference it much.  I thought they were a bit more amorous than that.
lol, What? Really, I did too.  That surprises me. Would that be for religious reasons?
I don't think so.  Have you seen their full-frontal sculptures?  
Yes, I have.  Did you know the Olympics use to have sculpture as an event from 1912 to 1952?
Yes, along with architecture and other things.  Wild that there is an annual literature contest for writers for who can write the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.  I may be able to win that...
lol, Really, that would be interesting!!  At least that is something different!
Wow, I read recently that the Russians built a computer in 1936 that ran of water!
Wow, that's really inventive! I would like to see that. Gosh, don't get any smoke near your apple computer it voids the warranty!
I heard of that.  Crazy that they think it would become a bio-hazard.
Ha, ha, ha!! I know.....I wonder if candle smoke would do the same?
They would have other "environmental" concerns over that. Interesting that "transhumanists" want to upload their minds to memory devices.  Does that mean that stupid people would require a smaller thumb-drive? 
lol, could be. Especially if they don't have good memory!  
Kim Jong-Un has a degree in physics? 
I was thinking the same thing, or just gave it to him. You have to have a smart mind for that!! lol Omg Can you believe Pixar spent 3 years studying the physics of curly hair for the movie Brave?
Now that's some dumb research... Did you hear that there is some uppity HS in Scarsdale NY that thinks AP classes aren't good enough so they developed their own?
Yeah! Its the only public school in the country that has dropped it. Crazy!
Yes, and many were afraid other schools would follow but they didn't.  
I know, they wanted their own homegrown college level courses!!  Good chat!!
Yeah, 30% were kept out and it wouldn't be standardize so... Stupid.  Yes, thanks, you were great!
Hey there. Did you take any AP classes in high school? Cuz I hear they're replacing them in some schools now.
I took a few... I think.  It's been so long since high school it's hard to remember.  HA!  Yeah, I think I heard about that, they're replacing them with AT courses... Dunno, might be a good idea, what do you think?
It seems like they'd work in private and prestigious schools like Georgetown Day is doing. But I don't think they'd work out in general. How about you? 
I really don't know, I think it depends on the quality of the teachers and the dedication of the students.  Some people say with the right teacher, a mediocre student can really shine, but with some students... (shrugs)

You do have a point there. I've heard that AT teachers have great reputations so far. So your optimism may be justified haha. 
Yeah, I heard one of the courses they offered was in computer technology.  Speaking of computers, did you know the Russians made a computer that ran on WATER?  
What? Really? That's insane! But then again I work on designing quantum computers  so I've seen some weird stuff myself haha. Physics is weird in general, don't you think?
You work on quantum computers??  For real?  That is awesome!  But yeah, physics is pretty weird.  I'm told Kim Jong-Un has a degree in physics.  I wonder if it's earned or "honorary"... 
Oh he earned it, just like how he invented basketball! I wonder if they'll offer any quantum computing courses through AP/AT in the future. Do you think highschoolers would like writing 15 page research papers for that like they do for AT already?
Depends on the high school student, I guess.  I couldn't really see writing 15 pages on about anything these days.  LOL.  Speaking of physics, they say Pixar studied the physics of curly hair for THREE years.  Can you believe it?
Oh I believe it, that stuff gets real complicated real fast. Solving complicated partial differential equations should be an Olympic sport, just like literature and music once were!
I heard one guy got a degree in theoretical physics when he was only 20 years old.  Now, that's gotta be one smart fella!
Indeed my dude. How many AP tests do you think he took? Do you think they'd ever exclude him from AT classes like that school in Scarsdale does?
No idea.  I have a better question... do you think he'd want to be a transhumanist and upload his brain into a computer?  That would be pretty wild!  
I know I would! Hopefully my research can help make that a reality one day. Then I'll upload your brain too!
Hmm.. dunno if I'd want my brain uploaded.  Sounds a bit on the creepy side... I know we couldn't do it on a space shuttle computer though.  It only has 1mb of ram!  Can you believe it?
Crazy how much computers have evolved, huh? Now your smartphone can download the entire history of Western literature and still have space to spare!
Literature is another neat subject.. did you know there's an annual challenge for writers to com up with the worst possible opening to a novel?  I find that hilarious!
That sounds like fun to me haha. Do you think kissing will ever be phased out of literature? I know that's only a modern thing.
No, I think it's pretty much here to stay, as long as there's romance novels (which don't seem to be slowing down anytime soon.)  
Ah, that's too bad haha. But unlike romance novels, I can't stay myself. But I had nice chat and I hope you have a nice day. Goodbye!
Did you know that the fda has burned six tons of literature in the sake of us censorship?
Do we know what theme had those books ?
I'm not sure.  But there is an annual literature contest for literature with the worst opening sentences
Now thats something I would love to see an example of ! ;)
Interestingly, the space shuttle's general purpose computer only ran on 1mb of ram
To do what... keep the txt files ?
I don't know, but doesn't sound like a lot of memory.  In 1936 Russians made a computer that ran on water.  I wish I could do that if I could save money and recycle the water.
Ran on water... was it like a cyborg Jesus ? :)
Don't smoke near an apple computer or it will void the warranty making it a biohazard
I don't believe that... how would they know ? :)
Maybe the smell?  
What, when You go to the service depot, they can smell if somebody was smoking close to it ? ;)
Somebody made up the rule, so there has to be some test :)  Pixar spent three years studying physics of curly hair to correctly render merida's hair in "brave"
Now that's interesting. I wonder if that research helped creating Nvidia Hairworks technology :)
Could be!  They think that an ancient Chinese dye used on the terra cotta army may lead to quantum physics breakthroughs.  wonder how?
terra cotta army ? what is that ?
I believe that was the large statue army that was uncovered in China.  You can look it up it is amazing!  
what... how does this has anything to do with quantum physics... 
I have no idea, but the statue army is really really cool looking and a great archaeological find.  People think the universe could have come from nothing without violating physics.  Don't quite understand that either.
come from nothing ? In physics nothing comes from nothing...
I don't even know what that implies nothing from nothing.  In 1953 Sir Winston Churchill won a nobel prize in literature not peace
He fought for the peace :) it's kind of a paradox :) lol, maybe that's why :)
Could be.  Interestingly architecture, literature, music, painting and sculpture were olympic events from 1912 to 1952.  
I love Apple products, and was surprised to learn that smoking near them violates the warranty, as it is supspodedly a "bio hazard"
Captcha is an acronym for "completely automated public turing test to tell computers and humans apart"
Yes, I knew this. I like "captcha" better. What do you think of those people who want to upload their minds to computers?
I think they are losing their minds... Ha!
Just like the person who built a working computer out of minecraft building blocks. That was weird too. 
Yeah. He really has something to build on though... The first google computer at stanford was housed in custom-made enclosures constructed from lego bricks
That's crazy. Then again, the Russians made one that ran on water, back in 1936
The first computer algorithm was written by a woman named ada lovelace. Might not be nominated but they got the algorithm...
I recently found out that literature and painting were once olympic events. 
I did not know that...Comedic fantasy author terry pratchett was knighted for his "services to literature".
I've never heard of him, but I do know that Winston Churchill won a nobel prize in literature.
Wait... You've never heard of Winston Churchill????
Terry Pratchett is the one whom I've never heard of. I'm well-versed in the writings of Churchill.
Whew! I was going to be a little bugged with the educatin system!
lol. It's the FDA we have to be worried about, they like to burn literature.
HAHA... The hubble telescope discovered a galaxy so big that it shouldn't exist according to modern physics. Who knew!
I love looking at the images that the Hubble  sent back. It's fascinating that Pixar spent three years studying curly hair.
That's interesting. Turbulence is one of physics great mysteries, and van gogh could accurately depict it in some of his paintings. I hate it on planes though...
I feel the same. Van Gogh was very interesting. I didn't know that Kim Jong Un has a degree in physics, thats surprising
From where though? Is it like one of our honorary ones?
I don't know. I don't know much about him. Maybe China, as the terra cotta army may lead scholars to a breakthrough in quantum physics.
Nice chatting with you!
Good morning! How are you?
Hello there, I am well thank you.  How about you? Do you like to read much?
I'm well too! I do like to read, how about you?
Yeah I do, but don't do it as much as I would like to.  Did you know there are more libraries than McDonalds in the US?
THat's a great fact to hear! You would think McDonalds outnumbers everything else in this country haha.
Yeah I was quite surprised by that fact, I would have thought it was the other way around. 
Can you believe at some point the FDA burned six tons of literature in an act of us censorship?
That is crazy!  It sounds like a real life version of that book fahrenheit 451!
Well said! I'm glad we got away from that type of nonsense! Did you know Winston Churchill won a nobel prize?
I didn't know that, do you know what he won it for?
He won it for literature surprisingly, and not peace!
That is awesome!  I know back in 1895, UK pm William Gladstone founded a public library and by age 85, he wheelbarrowed his personal collection of 32,000 books almost a mile to the library from his home!
Dang I wonder how many trips he took moving all of those!
That is a good point, 32,000 books sounds like a heck of a lot of wheelbarrow runs!
It does! If I release a book, I'm going to do it in Norway because you're bound to sell at least 1000 copies haha.
That is pretty wild, the government stepping in and buying them to distribute to libraries around the country, cool. 
Super cool! Do you ride horses at all?
I don't, but think they are really impressive, I have an aunt who does.  How about you?
I don't but have an aunt also lol. Did you see two high school kids got suspended for riding their horses to school?
Lol, yeah I think I read about that, sounds like they were doing what they were supposed to by not riding a motorized vehicle. 
Smart in my book! Well anyways, great chat, have an awesome day!
Hi Turker, do you spend much time in the library?
Not any more but I used to.  I do like knowing that in Norway the government will buy copies your book that you publish and put them in libraries.  It sounds like they really support their libraries.
I didn't know that until recently. I was a big fan of the library.
Did you know that our own fda burns six tons of literature calling it censorship?
I heard that Information once, but I haven't read much about it.
It makes you wonder what all was lost.  Libraries are definitely important.
Yes it is, how do you get most of your Information from since you no longer go to the library, from the Computer?
I've never thought about it but I guess I do.  How about you?
I get almost all my Information from the computer, but it is putting a strain on my eyes.
I know what you mean there.  Books don't put as much a strain as computers do.
Can you imagine being falsely imprisoned for 10 years and spend most of the time at a library trying to prove your Innocence?
No but it is very admirable of the person to do so.
You are right, I guess there is no limits when it comes to being free especially if they are Innocence.
Hey, what do you think of horses?  An interesting fact about them is that those Lipizzaner horses are actually born black or brown and take about 6 years to turn white!
Wow, that amazing, I love horses and was raised on a farm. I learned to ride them when I was small.
Me too.  To this day I still find them fascinating!
Yes I do, I don't like when horses are being raced for years and If they don't win races, they put them away most of the time, If you know what I am saying.
I do and I agree.  I don't like to see them whipped either.
I went to a live race track, the horse and jockey fell.
Was the horse okay?
Yes and no, because the horse had a slight limp. The Jockey was okay.
I certainly hope they gave the horse a chance to heal.
Are you a fan of soccer?
Yes. The foot ball world cup simply called as FIFA world cup. It is international competition contested by the senior men's team.
Yes!  The city which is set to host the 2022 Qatar FIFA world cup final does not exist yet.  How does that work?
The 21 world cup tournaments were won 8 teams. The world cup is most prestigious  tournament in the world. All the nation in the world want to lift the FIFA trophy.
Yes!  The Hungary national team only had 1 defeat between 1950 and 1956 and that was the world cup final!  What are the odds?
US got 3rd place in the first FIFA world cup in 1930. The american team has never placed below third place in the world cup since women world cup started in 1991 !
I'm betting on third place finishes from now on.  lol Did you know that there are no net economic gains for the countries that have played hosted to the olympics or the world cup?
Already 17 countries hosted the football world cup, Qatar has planned to hosts 2022 finals, 2026 will jointly hosted by Canada, US and Mexico.
Nice!  The current champion is France, who won on the 2018 FIFA world cup on July 15th.
After 1908 summer olympics in London football became official competitions.
I didn't know that.  At the 2014 world cup, there were more French born players playing against France than for it.
It is very sad. Very different to handle this situation.
lol  If the Algerian team had beaten Germany in their last world cup game, they would have gone on to play France on the exact date of the French invasion of Algeria's capital on July 4, 1830.  Ironic.
German goalkeeper Harald Schumacher collided with french defender patrick battiston in the 1982 world cup semifinal, All the player are very aggressive to win the trophy for the nation.
Wow!  Did you know that soccer makes more money that football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined?
Yeah. It has record of highest attendance to watch the game.
Nice.  Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football!
Soccer is a team sport played with a spherical ball between two team of eleven players.
Did you hear of the soccer variation where 3 teams face each other at the same time?  It's been fun chatting.
Yeah. Very nice chatting with you. Have a great day.
You have a great day too!
hello
hi.  Have you heard the news in Olympics? Its been 114 years since someone has won a gold medal
yes sure, Do you know  Ledecka, primarily a snowboarder, who won the women's super-G on skis
Yes and she even competed in 2 different sports although most people think that skiing and snowboarding are the same, they are quite different
here are dozens of athletes who compete in complimentary disciplines of the same sport such as Lolo Jones, whom I like a lot
Ive read that in todays modern times that most athletes simply cant get the time to master two sports so its exciting when that happens
And also, And historically, national teams used athletes from sports that involved similar skill-sets - such as swimmers who play water polo or pentathletes who are also shooters, swimmers, fencers, runners and equestrians - to save money or because teams lacked a depth of talent, do you agree?
i agree it is a wise idea to use the same athlete but what about the guy Flack that tried to run the marathon and passed out while in the lead
yes that is for sure, There simply isn't enough time in the day for modern elite athletes to master two sports. To the layperson, skiing and snowboarding look pretty similar
On the topic of sports, did you know that soccer makes more money combined than even football and other sports. Wow
yes i know cause I adore soccer lol. Did you know oe Lydon won a bronze medal as a welterweight boxer in the 1904 St. Louis Games and a silver medal in soccer.
You like soccer and i like the Gymnastics which i think is one of the older sports that even greeks in ancient times practiced gymnastics to ready for war. Thats interesting
Wow cool, I like Gymnastics too. And do you know anytihing about Association football?
I know Association football is extremely popular as it is played in over 200 countries and i know that Americans call it soccer which is slang for association football
And also There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time, its very interesting
3 teams, that is unique. The story of a German soccer player who won the world cup and paid for 23 children in brazil to have surgeries is an amazing story. 
yes and do you love tennis?
i do like tennis. A fun fact about tennis is that Polo shirts were invented because of tennis. A famous player Rene Lacoste created them and later was adopted by polo players
A black man won the 1st us open tennis title in 1968 and no black man has won it since. 
i think that was Arthur Ashe if i am not mistaken. I was surprised to learn that the longest tennis match in history was over 10 hours long and lasted 3 days ! I bet those players were tired
Yes I agree with you totally
The game that most of the world calls football, but the US calls soccer is played on a pitch.
What do you mean by plays on a pitch? I do like association football AKA soccer haha what about you?
That is what the field is called.  It is rectangular and has a goal at each end.
I see now. I did know that you score by shooting the ball into the goal. What's crazy to me is that soccer makes more money than football, basketball, tennis, and all other sports combined
I know.  Lots of people play it.  Over 250 million in the world.  I coached it when my daughter was young.
Oh that's cool. I used to play when I was a kid. Interesting why Americans call it soccer. I guess that's because its slang for Association football
We already had a sport called football.  Jon Stewart actually represented the US in the Pan Am games in Brazil in 1983 playing soccer
I did know that. Did you ever watch him in The Daily Show? I want to see this variation of soccer that three teams play
I do enjoy his humor, but I am a capitalist and not a socialist so I don't agree with him politically.  I cannot imagine how 3 teams playing can make sense.
I agree with you. I definitely don't like his politics. He was in the movie Big daddy with Adam Sandler and I did like that movie. have you ever played tennis?
I have.  I had a female neighbor who played club level competition and she found me (a male) to be a good training partner.  A serve that is not returned is one objective of the game.  
Yep that's true. I used to play when I was in high school. I like playing with two people which they called Doubles
That is a surprisingly different game.  Polo shirts were invented for tennis by Rene "the crocodile" Lacoste.  Thus, the brand for Polo.
You'd think it would have been invented by a polo player. did you know that a black man won the first US Open title in 1968
No.  There haven't been many prominent US players who were male and black.  But the Williams sisters have sure been something.  The tennis ball is hollow.
Yes the Williams sisters are really good. The black man that won back in 1968 has been the only one to do so but I know that we will have more in the future
Could be.  I am from Oklahoma and Barry Switzer said that the best black athletes that used to play for him now go into basketball instead.  So, it will require some black athletes to direct their efforts toward tennis before they win a lot.  I hope to see it. 
That makes sense. Pretty crazy that they use the helicopter to dry grass tennis courts back in 1969. I bet the US Open was a really crazy place back then
How about a match that lasted 11 hours and was spread over 3 days?
Yep that would be exhausting! I would feel so bad for the guy that lost. So much effort for so little reward
Great point!  I have seen a Cricket Match last for 8 hours.  Nice chat!
hey did you see that originally Croatia was going to be the runner up to the world cup?
Yeah, I did.  Do you watch much soccer?
no not usually, I probably won't watch the 2022 world cup in Qatar, what about you?
Me either.  Lol but I enjoy watching the fan's behaviors, they can get pretty wild about their soccer.
ya they really get into it, it is cool that the USA got third place in the 1930 world cup, back when they were good haha
Yeah, that's cool.  I find it funny that were more French born players playing against France than for it in the 2014 World Cup.
ha that is funny, did you hear about how awesome Hungary is at soccer? They had only 1 defeat back between 1950 and 1956
That's pretty impressive!
the USA womens soccer team is impressive too, they haven't placed below 3rd since 1991
Go USA!  awesome ladies.  Have you ever seen the type of soccer that pits three teams against each other at the same time?
no I haven't but I bet it would be more interesting than regular soccer, its amazing that soccer is played by 250 million people worldwide
Lol, I know!  You know when you asked me if I would be watching the 2022 World cup, did you realize that city where it will be held has not even been built yet?
lol nope but thats not a good sign, I can't believe that Soccer makes more money than all other sports combined, thats a ton of money
It is a pile of money. I heard that Jon Stewart was a pretty good soccer player in college.
ya he was, he actually represented the US in the Pan American games back in 1983
Did you hear about the German soccer player who donated his bonus he got for winning the world cup to pay for 23 kids surgeries in Brazil?
wow that was nice of him! back to Qatar, I wonder why they are building the city for that game, apparently no country gets a net economic increase from hosting the World cup
Probably some rich oil tycoon wants to brag about his city hosting the world Cup?  Who knows why they do what they do, they have more money than they know what to do with, apparently.  
Yeah it sounds like it. did you ever hear why Americans called game soccer and not football? Apparently the word soccer is slang for association football
Leave it up to Americans!  What can I say we like our slang words.
haha ya we do, It's interesting how world wars can mess with sports, they didn't do a world cup in 1942 or 1946 due to WWII
Hi, how are you?
good, how are you? do you watch soccer?
I do watch soccer, do you?
yes I love to watch the FIFA World cup
Me too! Who's your favorite team?
I always root for spain, they are pretty good . you?
I root for the USA, although we are terrible and didn't make the last world cup. How did you do?
not too bad but did not win either. the us women's team is good though
Yeah. THey are the only thing we have to look forward to in soccer. It's the whole system that needs revamping.
yesh for sure. and the host countries never make any money for hosting the world cup
Seems like a bad investment then. Do you think Qater should host the 2022 world cup?
I am not sure considering the city hosting does not exist yet
Right? How can FIFA approve that? Seems shady...
I am not sure, I really find that strange. did you know in 2014 there were more french-born players playing against it than in the actual french team?
I had no idea! That's really strange. France may have a really good farm system though.
do you know lilian thuram?
I do not. Who is that
french soccer player who scored only two international goals in his career both at the 2014 worlds cup
Soccer makes more money that football, basketball, baseball, golf and tennis and hockey combined. WOW!
Yeah they really make a lot of money, it is a worldwide sport though
Nice chatting with you!
Hi, Do you like Tennis?
I played it once in high school, tennis is a lot harder than it looks lol
Tennis first played between 1859 birmingham and 1865 England.
Yea and Tennis can also be played with two players on each side
Yes. The Tennis equipments are tennis ball and tennis racket.
I never knew that polo shirts were invented for tennis player Rene Lacoste
Okay. rene lacoste won 10 grand slam tennis tournaments in the 1920 and 30's.
Pretty cool. Did you know that a black man only won the US open once back in 1968?
Yes, i know Archur ashe won the men's singles final at the first U.S. open in 1968.
Do you know who played in the longest tennis match lasting 11 hours?
Yes, i know 8 years ago at Wimbledon, john isner and nicolas mahut played the longest ever tennis match in history. The match went on for three days and took place over 11 hours and 5 minutes with isher coming out victorious 10-68 in the final set.
That's pretty crazy, wonder if they had to use a helicopter to dry the grass like they did in the 1968 US open
I don't know. 
Do you follow soccer at all, it makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined
I love tennis and basket ball games.
Nice. There's a variation of soccer with 3 teams facing off against each other
Yes. And i also love gymnastics. It's really beautiful. They are awesome.
Gymnastics is fun to watch, one olympic gymnast won 6 medals with a wooden leg in 1904
Yeah, i know. it was awesome. It was george louis eyser and was a german-american gymnast.
Nice. The first person to score a perfect 10 was Nadia Comaneci from Romania
fIRST WOMAN TO SCORE A PERFECT 10 IN AN OLYMPIC GYMNASTICS EVENT AT THE 1976 OLYMPIC GAMES AT AGE 14.
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Do you watch the world cup ?
Yes I saw it along with the 3.2 billion other people around the world who watched it as well. Did you see it?
Yeah, I like soccer, a lot of people do, even Jon Stewart was a really good soccer player. 
Jon Stewart, the comedian? Yeah, do you know where the next world cup will be played?
It will be in Qatar, I think, they have to build a lot of infrastructure to accommodate it. 
Yeah, I imagine there would also have to be a lot of AC since it can get very very hot in those climates!
And a lot of power plants have to be build, they have to build a city where the final will be hosted. I think it is a little too much money. 
I wonder if these investments ever return a positive cash flow, to me it just doesn't seem like it's possible at all. I'd also imagine they'd have to loosen up on visa restrictions to get more visitors.
Yeah I don't think they are like the german player who gave his world cup victory bonus to brazilian children, who needed surgeries. 
That's quite commendable, a lot of the other players should follow suit! But considering that soccer players run an average of 7 miles per game, they might be too tired to think rationally.
There is also a variation of soccer with 3 teams, they would run even more. I wonder what rules they have for it. 
Wow, they must be in great shape! All except for the people in Greenland who can't join FIFA because not enough grass grows there for soccer fields. That doesn't mean players can't play right?
They could play on astroturf. They probably do, it is a popular sport. 
Yeah but even with playing on turf, they still won't be able to join the leagues. Surprising to see size and scale of super bowl relative to soccer, super bowl is only an American thing while soccer is global, I guess.
I think it comes to a question of equipment, you only need a ball and 2 goal for soccer.  
I see. Then there's logos and mascots, the French national team uses a rooster because rooster in latin is similar to the name used for Gaul or the current day France, who knew there's meaning behind these things.
Football, is full of details, american call it soccer because it comes from asSOCiation football 
That's a very good one! Then there's the colors of jerseys. The French team did a bad job of coordinating the team jersey and they found it was the same color as their opponents, so they had to borrow a different color jersey from a local team. That's hilarious, they should've played as is, that would've made an entertaining game to watch.
Yeah, instead of a game with 2 teams, there would have been only 1, everybody is a winner ! ... and a loser. 
Do people place bets on the outcome of those games?
I don't know anything about betting of soccer matches. But I suppose so, it is played in 200 countries. Some of them must permit betting on matches. 
Yeah, I think that might be the next big thing!
Hello there, are you a fan of football, or soccer as they call it in the US?
Yes! I am one of 250 million people in world who play soccer haha
Yeah same here, I don't know why we call it soccer here in the states, do you know why they started calling it that?
I think it's something to do with it being a slang name for association football. Did you know that soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined? 
Yep, good call, started as a slang term for association football.  And that is pretty remarkable, I like when people here say it's not a popular sport. 
They should televise the variation of soccer where there are 3 teams that face off at the same time. Maybe they would get more spectators in the US
That sounds too crazy, I wonder if they used the same size field or not. 
It's hard to believe that Jon Stewart was a really skilled soccer player. He actually represented the US at the Pan American games in Brazil. I guess for him there was more money in comedy. 
That is pretty impressive, I never knew that and don't think most people have. 
Are you into any other sports? 
I am, I really like basketball and my favorite team has the best record in the league right now!  How about you?
I really enjoy watching tennis. Although when I play it the object for me is more to just get the ball over the net than to return it in such a way that my opponent is not able to return it haha It is definitely harder than it looks! 
Yeah it really is, that sport takes a lot of skill and endurance to play that's for sure. 
I enjoy watching Roger Federer, he is such a talented player. Well, except for the time he lost to Gael Monfils who had just learned to play tennis a few days before their match. 
Really, I'm sure that was the thrill of a lifetime for that person to beat him!
I'm sure! I would rather be known as the guy who beat Roger Federer than one of the players in the longest tennis match in history. It went on for 11 hours! Can you imagine how exhausted the athletes would have been after that! 
That is just insane, I wonder how many people from the original crowd that started the match were still there to watch the end. 
I know, right? That would take some serious commitment! It spanned over 3 days. 
Right, I wonder if they got back into the place free each day?
I would hope so! I am just so impressed by the athleticism. And you hear about Olympic athletes like Edwin Black who are able to win a bronze medal in the olympics for tennis doubles and gold medals in 800 AND 1500 meter races. I would be so excited if I was that talented at one sport let alone two!
That is the most impressive thing I have heard in a while.  It was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day. 
Hello, do you like dogs?
They have their moments. I appreciate that they are one of only two animals able to instinctively understand pointing.
Thats interesting.  I recently read that dogs have 12 different blood types.
That's a lot, more than humans! Did you know that dogs aren't actually colorblind? They just can't see as as many colors as people.
Yeah,  thats good to know.  I used to think that they were colorblind. 
I guess color isn't as important when you can do so many different tasks, from hunting and herding to aiding disabled people.
Yeah,  it probably is not a need for them.  
They certainly are man's best friend. Google even has a policy that states that they are a dog company.
I agree,  I love my dog,  I do wish she would laugh at my jokes once in awhile though lol Thats really cool about google!
I guess a laughing dog would be a good companion. In Boulder, CO, people don't even "own" their pets because of that idea of the relationship; you're just their "guardian"
Oh wow,  that interesting,  I never knew that. In Istanbul they have vending machines the release food and water for strays, in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. 
That's a neat idea. It would come in useful in a country like Japan, where there are more pets than children under 15.
Wow that is incredible!  They have that many dogs!  Yeah that would be pretty useful!
I think they probably have more cats than dogs, given the land limitations there haha. You know who had a lot of pets? Teddy Roosevelt; he had over 20, including a bear and a hyena.
Thats crazy!  I'm sure he had help though, for an average American that is a lot of work. I read that the first cat cloned was named copy cat lol 
That's clever. Maybe they can clone tigers to increase their numbers; there are more tigers living as pets in the US than living wild in Asia!
Wow that is really sad.  They should clone all the endangered species,  might need a bigger lab for larger animals like sharks lol 
I'm not sure how practical that would be, since it's so hard to track those populations anyway to figure out if they need new members.
Well the discovery channel is always making shows about endangered animals,  so they could start there.  I know sharks are endangered and a few types of bears. 
I think in the mean time it's important to raise proper therapy animals; it seems like some people just claim regular pets are therapy animals. Maybe that could be a Discovery Channel show!
Yeah seriously,  people take advantage of that just so their regular pets can go to restaurants and stuff.  Its kind of annoying,  they claim its a "support" dog.  
Yes, I think children in hospitals and elderly folks in nursing homes need the company more to lift their spirits and work on their goals. Nice chatting!
I love goldendoodles, I have one myself. She's only forty pounds not eighty like Lord Sandwich.
I think Lord Sandwich is a funny name lol, they started a winery back in 2014 right?
I do like that name as well. I wish that my dog had an unusual name like his. I would have put my dog on the label from the beginning. Yes, they did open in 2014.
You can still change its name lol it would be confused but eventyally will answer to the name, its amazing how they raised $25000 in just 30 days
I think it would be more confusing for me after six years! If you have a nice, unique product and the proper rewards, you can get a lot of funding through Kickstarter.
I agree, its a good way to fund your company, its amazing how many followers Lord Sandwich has on Instragram 65k!!
Do you follow any animals on Instagram? I have to admit that I do, I might have to look up Lord Sandwich.
I dont but I might make an exeption for Lord Sandwich, Im curious to meet the little guy, 
80 pounds and as tall as doorknobs makes me think he isn't so little. I wonder if they made a white wine for him based on his fur color?
I think they took that into account, you know they are planning to release a wine with his name in it, it will be a white wine production
Are you a big wine drinker? I am not but I might make an exception for this one.
I do like wine, and I might look up some of the wines the company has to offer, they have a Germany region based wine that has a price of $20 so I might try that one
I do like to try less expensive wines because I do not know the difference as much between vintages. I do not know if I have tried many wines from the German region.
Yeah I dont know much about wine either I do like the taste of Pinot Noir, I think its interesting how they are planning to make wines from regions such as Austria and Loirey Valley
It's definitely great to explore the different regions. It could open their client base up immensely and help people find new wines they might not have known about.
I think its a good business decision, you got to keep things fresh and updated,  so do you have any pets?
I only have the one goldendoodle. I often watch my sister's dog so it feels as if I have two dogs a lot of the time.
Thats nice, so im guessing your more of a dog person that a cat person?
Yes, I have an allergy to cat hair so I was kind of forced into it. I don't otherwise mind them in small doses.
I am more of a dog person and so is Google, they prefer dogs to cats and they have made this clear
I think that in an office setting dogs are a bit more sociable and appropriate than cats. Cats tend to be very self sufficient and isolated.
Yea I agree with you dogs and cats are the most popular pets, you know Roosevelt had over 20 pets, he had a bear and also a hyena as pets.
Did you hear about the goldendoodle who helped to create a wine brand?
I did! Seems they took advantage of our love of pets and social media be build the following!
They certainly did! It's cool that they raised $25,000 in 30 days, just because of the theme "Farmers First"
We love dogs and have 2. They aren't golden doodles but we got them from a rescue group. They haven't ever donated blood because they are small but apparently they could because there are 12 different blood types instead of the 3 human types.
That is interesting. I didn't know there were that many dog blood types. I hope that the dogs get a treat after the blood drive though.
They should! I guess we are Google type of people since they prefer dogs to cats. I do like cats, but I'm really allergic to them. :(
Yep I'm glad that Google prefers dogs to cats lol. I am allergic to them too but I do like them. I think it's crazy that only dogs can elephants understand pointing, not even gorillas which you think would be very smart
Hmm. It does seem weird that other primates don't get pointing. I have a dog that loves a yellow ball and she ignores the other colored balls. I guess yellow must be one of the colors they can see. I know they don't see all the ones we do, but she must see that one!
I agree with you! I'm just glad that dogs are not actually colorblind, they just see different colors from us, poor doggos!
I like that Istanbul exchanges used water bottles for water and food for stray dogs! Things like that would help the rescue group we got our dogs from.
I think that's a really good use of stray dogs though. It's very smart. do you wear socks by the way?
I'm wearing two pairs now, because it is really cold today! But I don't like wool socks because they are scratchy, to me.
Yep I agree. It's funny that the oldest known socks were supposed to be worn with sandals and that is definitely not what is in fashion now LOL
Right! The old socks and flip flops are not a good combo! I think it's funny that 'put a sock in it' comes from the habit of stuffing a sock in the old phonograph so it's wouldn't be so loud.
Yep I agree. It's funny that the inventor of the modern sock also produced the first modern water balloon. I wonder what he was thinking about
I don't know but my kids are sure happy. They love to throw water balloons in the summer!  Have you ever thought to donate socks to a homeless shelter? Seems that is an item they really need but don't often get.
No I haven't done that, but I guess I should. I think it's funny that the phrase "put a sock in it" was invented 1800s lol
Since it's cold today, maybe I should try putting chili peppers in my socks to keep my feet warm, like the Portuguese. I guess they cut them up first?
LOL that's a good question. It sounds like it would hurt though. You have any pets?
I already mentioned that I have 2 dogs, several times! It's funny that in Colorado you have to say you are a pets 'guardian' and not that you own them!
Yep you're right, I was only paying attention to myself because I have a husky LOL. It's weird that the first cloned cat was named copycat though.
Are you familiar with FIFA World Cup?
I am a little familiar with it.  I think I have watched a few games on television.  Do you watch?
I watched them in the past since my good friend is from England.  The current champion is France.
I remember watching a few of those games that were in Russia on television.  I would have thought Russia would benefit economically from hosting but apparrently hosting countries don't get any financial boosts.
 I was surprised to hear about it. I think it has to do with pride more than anything else.
You are probably right.  I mean Qatar is building a whole new city just to host the 2022 games.
Most of the hosts have tons of money to spare.  Qatar is going to hot in 2022, is that correct?
That is correct.  You know, the media says soccer is not all the popular in the U.S. but it got 3rd place in the first world cup in 1930!
I know.  That was not bad for a new comer.
True!  I suppose they are not as good as Argentina or have the worlds best player, Messi, on their team.
Messi is very good at soccer. He was almost allowed to leave the club for free 10 years ago.
I think it's cool and also odd that no one in his hometown can name a kid messi anymore.
I did not know that?  Please tell me the reason why.
Out of respect for him. They want him to be the only one.
I wonder if there is an official ordinance for that.  It's weird.
I imagine there is as that would just add to the respect they have for him.  Did you know that there is a soccer game where 3 teams face each other?
No I did not.  Please tell me more about it.
Apparently each team faces each other at the same time!  This I would like to see but it must not be very popular as main stream media does not talk about it or show it.
That was interesting - 3 teams facing each other.
I know. I can only imagine how that must be played.  
It would be chaotic, I think.  I keep saying soccer instead of football because it is what being called in the US.
do you like soccer? the first world cup was in 1930
Hello, I do like soccer. Did you know New Zealand was the only undefeated team in the 2010 World Cup?
american womens team has never placed below third in the world cup
That's interesting. I always thought they were good too.
the city thats set for the 2022 world cup doesnt even exist yet. are they building an entire city??
That's hilarious! I wonder how that is going to work out.
i dont know. lol. soccer makes more money than football, basketball, golf, tennis and hockey combined. I can't believe that
That's amazing. I would have never guessed that. There was only 1 group in World Cup history to end with a 4-way tie.
there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face off at the same time. how in the world does that work? and where is it played?
That would be very fun to watch. I am not sure where it's played.
a german soccer player used his world cup earnings to pay for surgeries for 23 children, now why don't more players do stuff like that instead of wasting all the money on frivolous things?
Very cool and good for him. I love hearing stories like that. It melts my heart. 
mine too. there are no economic gains for the countries that host world cup or olympic games. I cant see how that is true all of the people flocking to your city must be good for business
I find that interesting because I always thought it helped their economy. Did you know Greenland can't join FIFA because not enough grass grows there for a soccer field?
hahah its funny because its greenland. I wonder why they dont lay sod? or maybe its just too cold
Haha - I heard Greenland is actually all ice and cold and that Iceland is actually warmer and green. 
yes thats exactly right.the world cup was not held in 1942 or 46 because of WW2
Did not know that. The Super Bowl is smaller than soccer's third biggest event.
how is that even possible and where does it take place? certainly not in america.
Not really sure lol. I would not think it's possible either.
good talk!
Hi! Do you like superheroes?
i do like some superheroes. i dont usually watch superhero movies. you?
It depends. I cannot believe that there are over 300 registered superheroes in the US.
i wonder how you get to register a superhero. i would love to have my own superhero.
I do not know. I feel like that would be an awesome present for children. 
yes, happy birthday. you have your own superhero! LOL. the universe is a big place and there is plenty of room for new superheros.
Did you hear about the spinoff of garfield?
I did not. garfield? was that strip ever funny?
The spinoff was named pet force which featured garfield and gang as superheroes.
hm. i think ill pass. i never really like garfield. maybe as a superhero it would be funnier. LOL
I agree. Have you heard about "normalman"?
um, sounds like me LOL. who is normalman?
He is a person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes. 
that is ironic. i wonder what he does all day. i guess he is the butt of jokes. hard to find a girl friend. he is a freak. 
Poor normalman. There is another comic series about fixing the collateral damage caused by superheroes. 
yeah, that would be a thankless job. putting things back to the way they were? what do you want, a medal? no thanks. ill be a superhero.
Very true. Do you know who the creator of marvel comics was?
um, stan lee? jack kirby? i forget. who was it?
His name is stan lee and wrote 15 dc comics.
what? he wrote dc comics too? ok. i wonder why he did that. Anyway, great chat!
I am going to learn more about comic books. It was nice talking to you.
Have a great day! Enjoy your comics.
You too.
Do you have a favorite superhero?
Yes I do! I really like Deadpool and Batman haha what about you
Those are great choices. I loved the Deadpool movies, I was all about the Xmen growing up
Well what do you think about the superhero The Black Panther by the way? apparently he is the richest superhero even richer than Batman
I loved the movie and the concept. People think he was named after the Black Panther party but was named before that. I didn't know he was that rich!
I didn't know that either! It's cool that they used an actual ancient language from the 4th Century as the symbols in that movie
wow that is so interesting. Did you know the guy who played black panther got his start because of Denzel Washington.
That. Apparently when he was giving his speech during the Black Panther Premiere and actually thanked Denzel for his support back then, that's really nice of him
wow, very nice. Remember your roots is how I feel. Stan Lee wrote black panther and all the marvel comics, crazy
He's very talented! he also wrote a bunch of comics for DC apparently, and he was reimagining superheroes like Batman and Superman, those would be interesting to read
Wow, that is awesome. I think I heard he wrote like 15 comics for DC
Yep you're right. I also heard that Garfield has a spin-off where he is a superhero LOL that sounds kind of cool
that would be fun to read. I wonder how that went, he could sling lasagna. 
Haha I want to eat lasagna that makes me hungry. Speaking of superheroes, did you know that there are over 300 superheroes that have been registered in the United States?
wow, that is a lot. Is that in the comics or in real life?
Haha. Just for the comics. But there is a comic called normal man. He's the only person in his universe that is normal and has no superpowers, everyone else is a superhero
I didn't know there was a comic about me lol! I wonder if he was in the comic strip about fixing the collateral damage caused by super heroes
Haha yes I think so. That actually sounds pretty interesting. And I never knew that comic book started in the 1930s, I would have thought they started earlier than that
wow that was a long time ago! I wonder what those comics are worth now. It was so nice chatting with you!
Yes, Crooks can be worth a lot of money. And I know that there's even a college campus that has the largest public comic book collection in the world, I think it's in Michigan I should check it out!
wow, I need to check it out. I am going to Google that! Have a great night!
Hello,Have you ever thought about how important Google has become?
I have, its the #1 search engine, it has become really big.
I heard that on August 16 2013 google went down for five minutes and disrupted 40% of web traffic
Wow that is amazing, 40% of the web traffic? have you ever used the Google Maps app?
No but I know that it calculates traffic by the speed of android devices moving down the road.I think that is interesting.
It does, Ive always wondered how they did that, I guess mystery solved, its amazing how much power a single Google search requires.
Ive read that a single search takes more computing than it took to send men to the moon.Thats hard to believe.
I know right? technology surely has advanced a lot, kind of like IPhones, Ive been loyal to the brand since the first generation Iphone was released back in 2007
Did you know that Microsoft held a funeral for the death of iphone when it launched its version of the phone? 
I did not know that how interesting, I wonder who went to the funeral!
Good question.Probably a marketing idea.I heard of a game called send me to heaven that was created to have people throw their phones in the air and break them
That game doesnt seem fun to play, I think that the game got banned because it was actually more popular in the end.
Apple banned the game because it was encouraging users to engage in behavior that might damage the device.
I think that was a good decision, you know theres a stat and woman are more likely to have an IPhone than men.
That is an interesting stat.Are there any ideas as to why this is true.I also heard that Matt Bellamy used an iphone to record his unborn childs heartbeat.
Im not sure maybe because of the desig, you know theres more than 2.2 million apps available for the Iphone now
Thats a lot of Apps.The iphone has come along way as to what it can be used for.So many uses its amazing.
I know 2.2 million apps its a lot and that was in 2017 I bet there a lot more new apps now
Im sure you're right probably many more apps for different uses by now.
Yeah, so do you play any instruments, Ive always liked the sound of the guitar.
I do play guitar I enjoy listening to Pink Floyds guitarist.
I enjoy Pink Floyd as well, he turned a boat into a floating studio, how cool!
Hi, how are you?
Im good How bout yourself
I am well, thanks. Do you know who John Lewis is?
No I dont who is he.
He is a civil rights protester from Georgia. He is now a rep. He marched with king and was invovled with the police brutality in Birmingham.
Really. He sounds like a pretty stand up guy.
Yeah. Trump went after him on Twitter last year saying he never stood up for anything. Twitter was quick to show the police dogs tearing his flesh...
Wow, this is the first Im hearing of any of this. Guess Trump stuck his foot in his mouth there huh.
Yeah. It was baffling that he either had no idea or just didn't care. I was both horrified and watching gleefully. 
I dont understand. You were watching gleefully as police dogs attacked somebody.
NO!!! Watching Trump getting blasted on Twitter. Sorry for the confusion. That's not something I really want to get mixed up. Sorry about that.
Its ok. I kind of figured what you meant by it. Lol.
The whole John Lewis incident became known as Bloody Sunday. I cannot imagine what they had to go through. 
Me either. It makes me feel a little guilty being a white man today. I know that Im no racist and none of my family is, but the things black had to go through back then is horrifying.
Agreed with all of that. Let's lighten this up a little, shall we? Maybe they could write a comic series about fixing all of the collateral damage us white guys did like Marvel did.
That would be awesome. Me and my son watch superhero movies all the time. Cant hurt to have one more to watch.
That sounds fun. My son is 7 and a little scared still. THere are over 300 registered superheros.
Maybe he would enjoy the garfield spinoff where Garfield and the gang were all superheroes.
Is his mortal enemy heart burn from all that lasagna? Or would it be his krytonite?
Lol. Im definitely gonna have to check that one out now. 
Nice chatting with you!
Good evening! Guess how Google Maps calculates traffic?
Hey! I'd be interested to learn how traffic is calculated
They go by the GPS devices in Android phones, which is data they have access to. They track how fast the phones are moving along the road.
Oh wow, that is interesting and totally makes sense! I've read they used to use live goats to "mow" there lawn.. google uses resources well huh!
Yes, they once used 100 live goats. Only once. I wonder why it didn't continue.
I'm imagining 100 live goats around the headquarters lol, probably chaos! 
Yes. I wonder why they didn't use sheep instead, and how much work was involved in cleaning up after the goats.
Probably a lot of cleanup. I cant imagine it was more cost effective than hiring a landscaping company. 
Yes, but I think it would have made it a more fun place to work.
Have to keep the workplace interesting! Like Microsoft, holding a funeral for the "death of the iphone" when their line of phones was launched.
Yes. Have you heard of the "Send Me to Heaven" iPhone game? I wonder if Microsoft was behind it.
Yes, I've read about that and that would make sense of Microsoft doing something like that. So silly
The creator's stated goal was to shatter as many iPhones as possible. I really wonder if it was someone with a financial stake in things or just a person who doesn't like iPhones.
That would have to be a really big hatred for iphones. 
Yeah. I can't believe it made it to the app store.
I was surprised to learn that women are more likely to own an iphone than men. 
Yes, it's interesting. I wonder what the reasons are.
I see just as many men as I do woman, walking around with their noses stuck in their phone these days!
Yes! I don't tend to notice whether people's phones are iPhones or Androids. Did you know that the App Store for iOS has 2.2 million apps?
Oh wow, that is a huge number. I wonder how useful half of those apps are.
Yes. I wonder. It's been good to talk to you. Have a good night!
Hi there, do you use Google or another search engine?
Hi! I love Google! I use it everyday
Nice, me too. Apparently to do a search though there is more computing power reauired than it took to send 12 astronauts to the moon
On August 16th  2013, Google went down for about 5 minutes and took 40% of the web traffic with it. Interesting, because that tells us how many people actually use Google.
Yeah I think most people use it exclusively. Do you know how they calculate traffic?
I'm not sure. Do you?
Yeah they take the average of android devices that are moving on traffic
I like the fact that you can type an address into Google and it will take you to Google maps. That always comes in handy.
Yeah it sure is. Do you know when it was founded and by whom?
I do not. Do you know?
Yeah it was Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1998.
Do you know what google's unofficial slogan was?
I did not know they had one but I am not sure what it is. DO you know?
"Don't be evil"
Oh wow, did not expect it to be that. Once they hired goats instead of getting people to mow their lawns
Yes that is pretty interesting! Do you know how google maps calculate traffic?
Yeah they take the average of android devices as they move around in traffic
Cloud storage comes in handy when you have too many files on your phone. 
That has become a life saver honestly. Do you have an iPhone or Android?
I have an Android. Iphones seem really complicated to me.
Well, it seems women are more likely to get one than men
Really? I had no idea. 
Yeah someone must have done a study on that to find such stats.
Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
Good evening!  Just got back on a quasi-date night with my wife.  It wasn't much, but we dropped a kid off for practice and drove around a bit.
quasi-date ? what's that ?
Quasi is sort of like "partly."  So it wasn't a planned date night, though I know it is important for couples and parents.
Sounds cool :) what is Your kid practicing ? :)
She is a soccer player doing Futsal this winter.  It worked pretty well because our older kids could watch those at home while we had an hour to ourselves.
Good prioritizing :)  Does she like soccer ? Or she goes there coz she has to ? ;0
She definitely likes it.  The only thing she doesn't like is doing drills by herself at home.  I think things like iPhones and Google just make it easy to be distracted. 
Yes - those are true enemies of sport when it comes to kids :)
Do you have an iPhone?
I have Huawei ;) Android phone :) You ?
Mine is a Samsung, but I think they are all so similar.  Plus, I am a guy, and I guess woman are more likely to own iPhones.  :)
I didn't want to believe that, but all the women I talked about this subject had also iphones :) so I guess that's true :)
They apparently haven't downloaded the game "send me to heaven."  The goal of that is to see how high you can fling your iphones as the creator of the game said he hoped it would lead to the phones shattering.
lol... sounds like a game for dummies :)
Ouch...lol.  Might be harder to get as Apple banned it from their app store.
Ok, if I would be game creator - I would sue ! If somebody wants the game he/she should be able to get it ;) and apple should love the game - people would keep buying new phones :) 
That's a good point.  I am  not a huge fan of the product.  "iPhone" is not something I spend my time on Google looking up.
naah.. I gave up on apple long time ago. I'll buy anything BUT that...
That sounds like me.  While iPhone users can't live without their phones, most of the world can't do without Google.  In 2013, Google went down for five minutes and took a little less than half of web traffic with it!
wow.. those guys really need to be watching what their are doing ;) 
Well, I need to sign off.  I need to check Google on a few things before bed anyway.
Have you ever heard of John Lewis?
No, I haven't heard of him. What is he famous for?
He was famous for marching along with 600 others from Selma to Montgomery to demand their voting rights.
Was he working with Martin Luther King?
I think he was, instead of being arrested they were badly beaten by the Alabama law enforcement officers. 
That sounds like Alabama. Was the march a success? Did it change political perception?
Yes, It was a pivotal moment in the civil rights movement. 
What did Lewis go on to do after that?
Who wrote a graphic novel trilogy titled "March," depicting the event.
That's a great way to tell history. Graphic novels are a good way to get people interested. History comes alive.
Yeah, some people view him as a superhero.
Perhaps he could become one of the more than 300 registered superheroes in the US.
That's a lot of superheroes.  It's hard fro me to think that they can come up with so many different super powers. 
I wonder if they just get together, drink and smoke, and spit-ball ideas until something seems good. There is a superhero called "Normalman." he was the only person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes. 
That's funny, never heard of that one, but I definitely could relate to him.
In a universe of superheroes, you would be unusual. Did you know that there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe? Strange.
No I didn't, there's another theory that the universe might be a giant super hologram.
That sounds more reasonable. Everything is the Matrix and we're just here to entertain a bunch of robots. Or superheroes.
Yeah, one giant video game. 
And I would be normalman. Not a robot. Not a superhero.
Yeah, me too!
Hey there partner. Are you a soccer fan? The next World Cup is going to be in 2022 in Qatar.
I am a soccer fan and watch the world cup ever 4 years!
Nice me too! It's been around since 1930 but I feel like it's only grown in popularity since then.
Yes!  Zew Zealand was the only undefeated team in the 2010 world cup.
Well that is really awesome. In the first ever World Cup the United States got third place. Not bad for the first ever World Cup.
Not bad at all.  There was only 1 group in world cup history to end with a 4 way tie.
I'm surprised they didn't break that tie! The hungary national football team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956 and that was the World Cup final!
That's pretty incredible.  Soccer players run an average of 7 miles per game!
No wonder they are in such incredible shape. The FIFA World Cup was not held in 1942 in 1946 due to the second world war. Very sad.
Yes.  Sad indeed.  3.2 billion people watched the 2010 FIFA world cup!
That is truly amazing. Soccer is so popular and it makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined!
Isn't that incredible?  Greenland can't join FIFA because not enough grass grows there for a soccer field!
It is so funny because there is a green in the name yet they can't grow green grass. I kind of feel bad for them LOL. There's actually a variation of soccer were three teams face each other at the same time. I would like to see that.
I wonder how that works?  Sounds like it could get confusing being on the field at the same time.
Yeah it would be very confusing to me. The talkshow host John Stewart was a skilled soccer player in college and he even represented the US at the Pan-American games in Brazil.
I didn't realize he was that old.  I don't think I remember him until the 1990s.
Yeah he is much older than I thought. He looks pretty young for his age. One of the best players in the world is Leo Messi. He is so fun to watch.
Yes.  He is valued at 120 million euro!  Big money!
Big money indeed! He has a growth hormone deficiency that led him to play soccer in Spain! Pretty cool! And it was lovely speaking with you about many things today!
That's nuts! lol  The first contract given to Messi was written on a paper napkin!  I had a good time chatting!
Bye!
hi how are you? do you like soccer?
I do not play soccer but I watch soccer games from time to time.  My boss immigrated to the US from England.  He invites us often to watch soccer games at his house.
that is kind of him. i try to watch the world cup. that is a spectacle worth watchng.
I know, right.  Soccer fans appear to be more fanatic than US football fans.  FIFA world cup is a big deal.
Yes, it is a hugely popular sport everywhere. except the US. americans usually dont understand how popular.
3.2 billion people watched the 2010 FIFA world cup (46.4% of global population).
Yes, i believe it. they want to see their own country, and to see the sport played at the highest level. It is amazing to watch.
It is.  Apparently, New Zealand was the only undefeated soccer team in the 2010 world cup.
Really? that is amazing. I would not have guessed New Zealand.
It was surprising to me too.  Have you heard about Japan's 2021 world cup?
No, i have not. they have rugby in 2019, olympics in 2020.
Japan is going to project 3rd holograms of the games live onto soccer fields across the world.
That is pretty cool. i wonder how much that will cost. I would love to watch.
I don't know.  Millions?
Yeah, i bet. they will sell plenty of tickets. they can project it onto multiple fields at the same time.
Do you have more interesting facts about soccer?
Um, there is a variant of soccer that involves three teams playing each other? i dont know how it works though.
I heard about it but I myself do not really understand how it works.
The rules must be complicated. free kicks? out of bounds? hm. Anyway, nice chat!
I look forward to seeing next FIFA World Cup.  Nice chatting with you.
You too! Have a good weekend!
Thank you.  Have a good night.
I find planets very interesting. How about you?
I do!  Ive been listening to a podcast about the universe!  
I'm sure that's a good listen. Did you know that one of Jupiter's moons would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun?
Yeah, Ganymede.  It has several moons.
Yes that's the one. Did you also know that Venus has no seasons?
Yes, because it doesnt tilt on its axis.  Despite being second from the sun it is the hottest planet due to its atmosphere.
That's very interesting. Venus is also the only planet that rotates clock-wise. 
I guess that is true, I never thought about which way we rotated, but I guess sunrise and set give that away.
That's true. Did you also know that Uranus rotates sideways?
Like it rolls?   How does that affect seasons?
Yes it rolls around the sun rather than spinning like other planets. I do not know how that affects it's seasons but I'm curious to find out. 
Do you believe there is life elsewhere in the universe?
I believe there is likely microscopic life for sure. 
I often wonder if we are alone in the universe, or of other life is out there, and if they are, are they looking for us too?
That's a good question. This is off topic but have you used virtual reality?
Not anything sophisticated.  Just a few games at what was disney quest.
Apparently up to 40% of users get motion sickness from VR. 
I can see that.  I can get a little sick in first person shooter games.
That's unfortunate. Did you know that the first VR game was actually made in 1968?
Wow!  That is even before the Nintendo!
Yes it's very shocking. It was nice chatting with you. 
What do you think about Virtual Reality headsets? They're not just for gaming anymore, you know!
I like them, but have never used one.  Arizona State University will let you use your student loan to pay for a headset.
That's so crazy to me. The students can rent them out for no cost, so why should there be an option for them to use financial aid money to purchase them>
The school probably profits in the long run by getting paid interest on the loan.  Your right about borrowing them.  There will be 150 available to students for free.
Oh right, it's student loans, not financial aid. Whoops! Still, it seems like a strange use of funds. Although I do think that they could be used for a very valuable teaching experience.
Yes.  I agree.  ASU claims that their online biology course is the first in the nation to offer virtual reality labs.
That's really interesting. I think VR has a lot to offer to the science community. It's an investment, but the marginal costs (how much money it costs to do each progressive lesson) is probably a lot smaller than traditional teaching/research methods
That would be neat to be able to take the class from the comfort of your home.  I wonder if there is any kind of discount for taking classes from home vs. in a real classroom?  The VR set will also come with gloves that will provide the users with a tactile feel experience.
That must be such an immersive experience. The only VR I've experienced was "Santa's Sleigh-ride" and it was in a little car that also shifted like a rollercoaster. But I can see how there are much more important ways to use VR. ASU actually uses VR to do things like practice "taking" blood samples from people through the VR. I think that's so much better than having students test on real people!
Yes!  I agree with you.  Great learning tool.  It will be far more engaging for the students to learn with the headset vs staring at a class on their computer screen as well.
I agree. I remember being so bored and distracted during class, and now students have social media to distract them. I'm guessing there's no social media in VR, although I could definitely imagine that developing in the future.
Lockheed Martin has a "Mars bus" that will take kids on a tour of Mars.  That would be neat.
That's so cool. There's actually a scientist, Dr. Rich Terrile, who thinks that our world is just virtual reality generated on a computer
Didn't he discover several moons on Saturn?
He did actually! Astronomy is so cool, I think. Did you know that there's actually a planet that has shards of glass rain sideways at 4500 mph at 2000 degrees Fahrenheit?
Wow.  That's incredible.  I couldn't even imagine those kind of conditions.  If Jupiters Ganymede moon orbited the sun, it would classify as a planet.
That's cool! I feel sad that Pluto is not a planet anymore after the International Astronomical Union redefined the definition of planets in 2006
I know.  Especially after all those years that we were taught in school that it was a planet.  I wish they still used the space shuttle.  I used to enjoy watching the launches.  The general purpose computer of the shuttle only ran on 1MB of RAM.
I don't know if that's big or small, but I'm guessing small. Someone actually built a working 16-bit computer using Minecraft building blocks! Isn't that absolutely crazy? So impressive!
That is neat!  Computers are used in everything now doing a wide range of tasks in industrial and consumer devices.
People actually think it's possible (and want to) upload their minds to memory sticks and computers. I think that's so cool! Such a testament to the future.
Hey there! Have you ever seen the movie The Black Panther before? The Marvel movie
No, I haven't, but I have heard of it. What about you? 
Yes I've seen it. I think it's ok but it's definitely getting too much attention for what it is, it's a pretty generic movie in my opinion.
Yeah, the Marvel movies started to get played out. Maybe I will see it. 
Yeah you can see it if it's free haha. I wouldn't pay any money to see it. Do you know who the richest superhero is in the entire Marvel Universe?
Is it Tony Stark? 
Haha so Tony Stark is actually the second richest, the first richest Marvel Superhero is actually the Black Panther, and then I guess Bruce Wayne who is  Batman is in third with 80 billion dollars
Oh wow! How was he supposed to have made his money? 
Yeah I think if I remember correctly, they just have a lot of advanced technology in the country that the Black Panther lives in, and he just has a ton of money for some reason, he has 500 billion dollars and Tony Stark has "only" 100 billion dollars haha.
Interesting, but they don't specifically say what he does? 
No, like I said I think it's just he has a lot of technology and they sell the technology or something like that, I guess you should see the movie maybe you'll catch something that I didn't LOL. What is cool about the movies though is that they use real ancient writings for it.
Interesting. Will do. Do you know if there is a comic book movie that accompanies the movie? 
Yes there is a comic book. It's actually pretty old. And whenever I think of the word black panther, I think of the political party, but apparently the comic book came out before that
Well apparently DC Comics paid $130 for exclusive rights to Superman, I wonder how much for Black Panther? 
That's a good question. Do you like Marvel Comics by the way? Or do you prefer DC. I mostly prefer Marvel myself
I don't have a preference, but apparently MJ tried to buy Marvel in the early 1990s. 
Wow that's cool. When you say MJ, do you mean Michael Jackson? That would have been really crazy. I think it's interesting that Marvel and DC both own a character, and his name is access, and it's only purpose is to keep both universes separate
Yeah, the king of pop. He apparently tried to buy them so he could play spiderman in his own produced movie. 
That sounds awesome! I wish we could have had that haha. Do you like Sony Pictures by the way? Apparently they had the chance to buy all of the Marvel characters for only 25 million dollars back in 1998
I do, I can believe that. That was a mistake, but then again nobody knew that these types of movies would blow up the way they did. 
No I agree with you. And that's why Sony only has the rights to Spider-Man, they bought it for 10 million dollars, and I thought that was the only superhero anyone would ever want to see
Good morning! Are you into superhero movies?
Yes, I am. Did you watch "Black Panther"?
I did! I can't believe it won a lot of oscars! He's considered the richest superhero.
Yes, indeed. I do like Letitia Wright as Shuri in "Black Panther". She  also said in her interviews that one of her character will inspire girls to pursue STEM subjects.
That is such an awesome thing to say! I wonder where chadwick Boseman would be if Denzel Washington didn't pay for his school?
Good question Also writer Reginald Hudlin told the Washington Posts' Comic Riffs "That's everyone should be a black panther, its not just for boys.
Well said! Do you like marvel or DC comics more?
Hard to chose. But I do really like that "Black Panther" also teaches women how to show up for themselves in life and love. You should really watch it.
It is such a great movie! The name black panther actually predates the group!
Yes I know. By the way the richest superhero is black panther, who has an estimated of 500 billion., whereas Bruce Wayne 80 billion.
I thought Tony Stark would be, but he's poor compared to him at 100 billion dollars lol.
Yes, agree. It is hard to believe that Marvel in 1998. offered the cinematic rights for almost all of its characters to Sony for a mere 25 million, Sony rejected the offer, wrong move.
I bet they kick themselves in the butt everytime they see how much a movie makes lol. Have you ever heard of the superhero Access?
No.  You, know it is interesting that the largest comic book market is  Japan, but of course.
I did not know that! It's good that the largest public collection is here in America though!
Yes, I do agree. By the way the Michigan State University library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world.
I was wondering who actually had it! I think Marvel did it great when they published a generic comic book to trademarks certain words and titles.
Yes. You know one of my favorite comic book legends Stan Lee ends every phone conversation he has with the word"excelsior!".
I would have loved to chat with that guy before he passed! He did a good job with Marvel lobbying that mutants are not people thus paying a lower rate to sell toys lol.
Yes, I know. Also Marvel published a 'generic comic book', in order to trademark the names "super hero" and "super-villain", they better.
That is very interesting! It was awesome chatting with you, have a great day!
Good morning!  Do you have a favorite superhero or comic book?
My favorite is Superman
Did you know that the DC from DC Comics stands for detective comics?
I didn't know that, I wasn't sure what it stood for.
Marvel once published a generic comic book so they could trademark the names "super hero" and "super villain".
That's some interesting information.
I thought so too!  Michigan State University has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world.  Never would have guessed that.
Yea, I would have never guess that a university would have that many comics.  Cool!
Stan Lee, who recently passed away always ended his phone conversations with the word "excelsior!"  That's an interesting.  Must be from one of his comic books?
Yea, it must have been.  Guess he needed a catchphrase
lol  Yes.  There was a Garfield spinoff series named Pet Force.  I don't remember that.  It featured him and the other characters as superheroes.
Yeah I never heard of that one before.  I loved Garfield.
Me too.  Did you know that there are over 300 registered superheroes in the U.S.?  
I did not know that, interesting
Yes.  I thought so too.  Comic books were first popularized in the U.S. in the 1930's.  I bet those original ones go for big money now.
I knew they've been around a long time, but didn't know they were that old.  You are correct, I bet the old ones are worth big money.
Did you know that supereroine is another word for a female superhero?
I did know that, I've heard that before.
There once was a superhero called Normalman and he didn't have any superpowers.  That's funny!
Yeah that is funny, the only guy who isn't special is made out to be special.
I agree!  lol  It was nice chatting with you today!
I would really love to hold a star. It is amazing there are some cold enough to hold. 
The universe is amazing in its vastness.
Yes, and to think it may be one giant superhologram is just beyond my comprehension.
I think that is a rather silly hypothesis posited by someone in need of research grant money and running out of ideas. 
Very likely. I wonder if one of the over 300 registered superheroes in The USA could intervene?!
Have you ever seen that show on sci fi where they show real life superheroes around the world? It is fascinating. 
No, I have not and usually I'm not a sci-fi fan but I'll have to fish that up, along with the Garfield spin off where he was a superhero. 
It is sad that we lost Stan lee this last year. He was a great artist
I agree. The creativity he took with him is one that I fear humanity is losing. Arts and imagination off the internet seems to be something society is rapidly erasing.  
Comic books were originally supposed to just be funny but I think they have evolved into so much more even giving us hope in a time when things look bleak. We need more of that not less
Absolutely. I wonder how accessible Michigan State University's largest publicly available comic book collection in the world really is. That sounds like some bit of useless info I should have already heard by now. 
Very true. I'm surprised that it is in Michigan of all places. I would have though New York or LA. I find it amusing that DC comics is redundant since most of their character names are the same letter for first and last
Yeah, Michigan. Woo hoo. I'm freezing where I am now far South of there and am serious about digging into things I can watch this weekend amid lousy weather! There is actually a superhero called "normalman." He was the only person without superpowers on a planet full of superheroes. I think I need a desk plaque that reads "Normalwoman" after learning that.
I think more people should be proud to be Normalheroes and the world would be a happier place.
Yeah... You've got a point. My dog is a Normaldoggo but he sure is happy lol. 
That's funny. If only people were as loyal as our pets. Imagine the things we could accomplish
I think society is so far engrossed with the internet rather than legitimate human interaction it's killing our ability to be decent humans to each other. We're sitting here in the office now looking at the mess in Germany unfolding and it's insane to think we, as a species, kinda stalled around the 1950's. comic books were first popularized in the United States and the United Kingdom during the 1930s. What an amazing time that must have been to be alive
Talking with people who lived during those times is amazing. We think of our problems as something that has only happened here and now to but to listen to the stories of those times it is amazing what our grandparents and great grandparents lived through. You can see it in the art and literature of the time as well. 
That is very true. Comic book legend stan lee ends every phone conversation he has with the word "excelsior!" so in honor of this chat, I gotta end it with that! It was nice talking to you. And remember, there are still some good "Normalheroes" left out here! :D 
To all of us Normalheroes! May we not be overtaken by the media and making us try and conform!
YES! Hashtag MAGA 
Hope you find the Garfield series. It is very enjoyable. 
Hey there have you seen the movie The Black Panther? It came out in 2018
I have it's a really good movie. I really liked Letitia Wright's role as Shuri. She was excellent.
She did a good job. So did Chadwick Boseman. I didn't know the Black Panther is the wealthiest fictional Marvel Universe character
I didn't realize that either. I figured Tony Stark would have been richer. 
Yep that's what I would have thought, the Black Panther is worth about 500 billion, Iron Man is worth about 100 billion, and Bruce Wayne is worth about 80 billion
Did you know that Marvel's use of the name actually predates the founding of the Black Panther Party?
I always wondered where that came from. And I guess they also tried changing the name of the character for a while so that it wasn't associated with that group, but that didn't work obviously haha
Yeah they had changed it to "Black Leopard," that just doesn't seem as fitting as Black Panther.
Nope it doesn't sound as good, it's pretty cool that Denzel Washington helped out Chadwick Boseman back in the day, and then Chadwick gave him a shout-out at the premiere
That is pretty cool. Did you know that the symbols and written script featured in the movie are based on an actual script called Nsibdi?
Wow that's good attention to detail, Marvel Comics is interesting though. Back in 1998 they were trying to sell all of their characters to Sony for only 25 million dollars, Sony thought that was a bad idea because no one cared about any other character but Spider-Man, and they only got Spider-Man for 10 million, they must be kicking themselves now haha
Oh wow, that was a bad move on Sony's part. I learned that they successfully argued in court that mutants are not people and thus got to pay the lower rate on X-Men "toys" instead of the higher rate for dolls.
oh interesting. So that was what was going on with that. do you know the backstory of the superhero blue ear by chance?
Yeah I heard about that. It was a very sweet thing they did for a 4 year old boy who was uncomfortable wearing his hearing aids. He told his mom that "superheroes don't wear hearing aids" so marvel created one.
Yep that is super nice of them I think. Isn't it weird that in Mississippi, Disney does not own the rights to show the big Marvel characters like X-Men and Spider-Man, apparently they have a custom contract with Universal Studios in that specific state
It's actually parks East of the Mississippi, so I'm guessing mostly Disney World in Orlando.
I must have read that wrong lol, do you like DC Comics or Marvel Comics more by the way? Personally I like Batman from DC, but the rest I am all Marvel
I'm more of a Marvel fan, but I do like a few DC characters though.
Yep I agree with you there. Is that funny that Marvel published a"generic comic book" so that they could trademark the terms superhero and supervillain
That's pretty interesting. Did you know that DC stands for Detective Comics, so there name is Detective Comic Comics, kind of redundant huh? 
Haha that is very redundant. do you know who Stan lee was? anyway he was a big Marvel Book Creator, and would always end every phone conversation with the word"Excelsior"
Good morning!  Do you read comic books?
Good morning, no not really.  Do you?
Every now and then I do.  I like marvel and some dc.  It seems so bizarre to think that the first comics in the country back in 1933 were just funny and  not super hero ones.
I guess everything evolves, eventually.  Interesting note, I did read that Michael Jackson tried to buy Marvel Comics so he could play Spiderman in his own movie.
Really?  That would have been interesting.  I wonder if he would have put dance scenes in the movie!
I'm sure he would have, no doubt!  Just found out today that Google had purchased gmail.com from the Garfield comics!  Did you know that?
No I didn't.  I used to read Garfield but I don't remember any gmail in it.  Then again, I don't remember much more than Garfield and lasagna!  
I always thought gmail stood for google mail?  Lol.  Talk about a good deal, I hear that DC comics paid $130 for Superman in 1938.  
I thought it did too btw.  So are you saying that dc owned spiderman at one time?
So, it would seem?  Who knows Marvel Comics spent a decade trying to prove to the government that the Xmen were not real.  It's a wacky universe, we love in!
Yes it is!  Marvel published a generic comic book of sorts at one time. They did that so they could trademark the names suepr-hero and super-villain.
That was SUPER smart of them to do that!  I know the love for the super hero universe is big.  Did you know that at least 30 movies with Super heroes will be released between 2016 and 2020?
I hadn't realized there would be so many! Marvel takes their movies to a different super hero universe than in the comics.  I guess that's how they can make the story lines different in both and keep things going.
Speaking of the universe, do you know our universe used to be completely opaque?
No I didn't.  So our universe used to look like fog, or thick white clouds?
Yes, apparently, there was so much plasma that the light couldn't get through.  Don't ask me how the scientists determined this fact!
Lol! I won't but I do wonder!  Scientists have some strange ideas some times. I've heard that there are some that think our universe is just one giant hologram.
I've heard that one, as well as that the universe exists inside a black hole or that a cold spot in the cosmic radiation could be an indication that it is a link to a parallel universe.  I don't know how they come up with these theories.  It's above my pay grade.
Mine too.  Have you heard the one about there being only one electron in the universe?
Yes, I've heard that crazy one, as well.  But, then again, everybody used to think the world was flat!
So true!  There are still people that believe that one.  I'm going to go do some more research and see what other theories about the universe there are!  It's been nice chatting with you!  Have a great day!
Hello. What do you think of some scientists who think the universe may be a giant superhologram? That sounds so crazy to me.
Yes, it does.  Something else that is crazy, is that there are stars that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.
That would be so fun to do. Even though I don't believe the theory that states there is only one electron in the universe.
There has been so many theories about the universe and its origins.  I wonder if humans will eventually find the answers.  I have my doubts if we will ever get all the answers.
I don't think we will, not in our lifetime. Did you know there are over 300 superheroes in the US, alone? I love the MCU. 
Yes i did.  Do you know about normal man?  He is the only normal person on a planet full of superheroes.  
Was there, I didn't know. I recently found out that DC stands for Detective Comics. Who knew?
I loved Garfield as a kid.  I found out recently he has a series where he and his friends are superheroes.
Garfield is hilarious. His comics are even in the Michigan University library, they have the largest comic book collection in the world.
Wow!  Sounds like i should take a road trip to Michigan!  Do you know how many comic books they have there?
I don't know. I haven't been to that campus. Its funny that marvel published a generic comic book, so they could trademark "super hero" and "super villain".
That doesn't sound fair to trademark those words because they seem very commonly used words.  
I guess the government felt differently. Stan Lee ends each phone call with Excelsior, and his tweets as well. I miss him.
He was a true legend in his field.  He even re-imagined classics like Batman and Superman
I remember that. He did a better job than their original creators.
I was surprised to learn recently that the American comics only has roughly 10% of the world market.
Did you hear about the controversy over an actor playing Batwoman? They were trashing her because she isn't "gay enough". I never knew Batwoman was a lesbian.
Wow, i did not know that either.  I don't see what the big deal is, I mean you can always have different actors with different interpretations of the same character.  It makes it more interesting.
The actress IS a lesbian though. She came out at 12. People are so weird.
A lot of people are social justice warriors who feel that their viewpoint is always the right viewpoint.  They want to be right instead of getting it right.
Its a weird thing to harass an openly gay actor about. Thanks for the chat, have a wonderful night.
You too, bye
Have you heard of the movie "Venom" It was directed by a guy who got influenced by seeing Batman.
i have heard of it but haven't seen it.  Didn't Venom come from Spider-Man?
I am not sure. It sounds like once he got into movies, he began as an assistant on Dawson's Creek and met Michelle Williams. He also was directed the hit " Zombieland"
Interesting.  I think Michelle Williams was in Dawson's Creek and it seems like I've heard she's in Venom too.
I don't know all of the superheroes but there is a comic series about fixing the collateral damage caused by the superheroes.
Yeah?  That would be cool to see in a movie. They could make it a comedy of sorts.  Speaking of superheroes did you know that there are over 300 registered superheroes in the United States?
No I didn't until now. As a funny twist, there is a "Normalman" superhero with no powers on a planet full of superheroes with powers!
That would be funny!  It would make a good movie too!  Seems like I heard that all of this superhero stuff started back in the 1930s.
That is true. Stan Lee created 15 DC comics. He recently pasted away so he did live to see them made into movies.
That's good that he lived long enough to see that.  You know, I remember watching the Batman movie that had Michael Keaton as Batman. It was really good and he was great.  Did you know that he wouldn't do a sequel?
I did not know that. I know at the time people gave him a lot of flack about the role. Did you know that The Dark Knight with Christian Bale earned over a billion dollars when added with the sequel?
No, I had no idea.  Imagine how good Michael Keaton's could have done if he had a sequel  Then there probably would have been a theme park at Universal Studios for Batman.
George Clooney and Val Kilmer also played Batman in other Batman movies
Yes they did.  Say, did you know that there were plans to make the Green Lantern into a comedy?
I didn't know that. Smallville was originally meant to tell the story of how Bruce Wayne becomes Batman.
Really?  I've seen a few episodes of Smallville. I thought it was good.  I think that Russia has a version of Batman too.
speaking of comedies, did you know that 3rd rock from the Sun won the Golden Globe for best comedy in 1997? It beat out Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier!
Wow! That's impressive!  Those are all really good shows!  Comedy must be hard to do and be successful at.  I mean, comedy central has cancelled over 100 shows since it began.
I also did not know that Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows.
It is pretty surprising.  I wonder if they were all the same type. I mean, I've heard that there are different types of comedy.
I also like that the creator of the python programming language was named to honor the Monty Python comedy group. . .Nice speaking with you.
That's really cool to know!  Nice speaking with you too!
Have you seen the musical "Chess"?  It is playing at the Kennedy Center and has an amazing cast.
I don't think i've ever heard of it. What is it about?
I think it has something to do with the Cold War.  It is set between 1972 and 1979.
That seems pretty interesting. Speaking of chess - do you know how to play?
I know the rules but I haven't played in many years.  I don't recognize any of the songs from Chess but, since it has parts about the KGB and CIA, it is a Cold War thing...
Yeah, maybe a bit before my time. Did you know there are possible moves in chess than there are atoms in the world. That blows my mind.
I find that really hard to believe.  The musical Chess lasts 2 hours and 50 minutes.  I'm not sure I want to believe that. 
That seems like a ridiculously long time. I would definitely need a break between that one!
That and a few drinks... I respect chess masters but I find the game rather boring.  I would rather play backgammon -- it moves faster. 
It is definitely a slow game. Did you know the president of the federation of chess believes it was invented by aliens? 
For real?  That's weird... Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone?  Hard working people...
Wow, that means they were doing almost one a day. Crazy! The Ramones have played a total of 2263 concerts. They toured almost non stop for 20 years!
That must be the inspiration for their song "I want to be sedated".  
lol! You might be right! In 2002 a creed concert went so bad that 4 concert goers filed a lawsuit. I wonder how bad it must have been..
That's pretty bad unless they were playing for a law school or something.  Did you know that R. Reagan was the only president that was elected after being divorced?  I didn't...
I didn't know that either. Hasn't Donald Trump been divorced? 
I think so. The article I read must be dated.  I did learn that 6 of 15 presidents were left-handed.  Reagan was ambidextrous. 
That's pretty interesting. Ronald Reagan established national ice cream month!
That's pretty cool but I think many would disagree with him saying ice cream is nutritious. 
Yeah, that's probably not entirely true. He also won 49 out of 50 states!
That was quite a victory.  Thanks for the chat!
Hi do you like Chess?
I have not seen it but would like to - I hear its a great Cold war rock musical
Yeah, how about the game of chess?
I do like to play from time to time - my son got a merit badge in the boy scouts in chess
Wow that is amazing. Did you know there are more possible moves in chess than atoms in the universe
Wow that seems pretty insane.  I would like to play 3 person chess - that sounds like a lot of fun
Wow did not know there is such a thing. The president of the federation believes that chess was invented by aliens
That is pretty weird.  I did enjoy watching a magician beat 9 leading chess players simultaneously by replicating their moves against each other at each table!
Wow. Judit Polgar was so good at it that he beat a family friend at the game when he was 5 and did not even look at the board
That is seriously impressive.  I am just happy to know how the pieces move - and that a knight can visit each square exactly once
Yeah. Did you know there is a negative correlation between the IQ and chess skills?
Really?  I would have thought you needed to be pretty smart to play chess!  But maybe not since pawns no longer have their own names like they used to
Yeah. I guess so. DO you know where the game was invented?
India I believe - and it became more modern in Spain in the 1400s
Yes it was India during the Gupta Empire and it was improved by the Persians later
The rules however were not standardized until the 19th century
Yeah. On another topic, do you go to concerts a lot?
I do like some concerts - I like the foo fighters but their concerts have been so loud it shows up on seismic monitors!
Yeah that is crazy. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001?
Wow that is insane.  Dave Matthews got lucky once - he was stranded and a woman who was going to his concert stopped to help him
WOw that is nice that she stopped and she also met the guy in person
Yes good deeds are always a good thing!  
Hello, have you seen Frozen?
Yes I have I thought that was a great movie. It won two Academy Awards. There's going to be a sequel!
It's a very good movie. My daughter is super excited for the sequel. 
Awesome me too. Before let it go was written Elsa  was actually the main villain in frozen.
Oh wow I didn't know that. The director is the first female director of a Walt Disney feature film.
Such a fitting film to do that. Disney renamed Rapunzel to tangled and snow queen to frozen because they blamed feminine titles for underperforming at box offices.
Interesting...I didn't know that either. I saw it was the 53rd Disney animated film.
That's a lot of animated films. Frozen reminds me of hockey because of the ice. Canada is the only country in the world with two national sports: lacrosse and ice hockey.
That's pretty cool. I love lacrosse. I played that in high school.
Oh nice. Do you like ice hockey? An ice hockey ring remains under basketball court when switching stadium sports!
I love ice hockey too. That's pretty cool. Who's your favorite NHL team?
I like the Chicago Blackhawks. Did you know that an average hockey player will lose up to 8 pounds in one game? That's a lot of sweat.
I'm a Blue Jackets fan. That's a good method for losing weight lol
Awesome. Hockey player was treated for $1 in1993. That is kind of demeaning.
That's very demeaning. Looks like he went on to win 4 Stanley Cups though so good for him.
Yes he really proved them wrong. Must've been good motivation. Are you a soccer fan as well? It seems make the most money out of any sport.
I love soccer as well. I saw it makes more than all other sports combined which is nuts.
Yes it is played by so many people. More than 250 million players worldwide.
Very cool. I didn't know Jon Stewart was a very skilled soccer player.
Yes I had no idea he played at the Pan American Maccabi games in Brazil.
Me either. Good chatting with you. Have a good day. 
Hello, Did you know that Tom Hanks is the highest paid all time star, over 8.5 million earned from movies?
No i did not!  Did you see Juneau's overtime goal in game 6?
Nope, What sport is Juneau in?
hockey
Oh, that's why i didn't know.  I'm more of a Football girl!  I hear that in Tennis, Venus and her sister Serena played opposite each other in the mixed doubles final of the French open.  Bet that was hard for them to try and beat each other!
I'm a football guy too! :)can't believe the washinton capitals didn't win a stanley cup till 1998?
yes, true.  Here's a interesting fact....The highest point on the moon is 1938 meters higher than Mt. Everest.  That's incredible actually!
WOW!  That is?  What else is incredible is the russians made a computer that ran on water!
That's insane, doesn't even sound possible, actually sounds a little dangerous...ya know....water and electricity!
Would you want to upload your mind to a memory stick?
I was just thinking about how crazy that is!! ha ha. Also ya better watch out for the "Apple Police" cuz smoking near your Apple computer voids their warranty, making it a biohazard, ha!
LOL... that is funny!  Do you own a apple computer?
No, I'm more of an Android user on my cell and a Windows/Chrome user. How about you?
I love apple... very simple and awesome customer support!
The reason I don't prefer Apple is the simplicity.  I do have an iphone 5, because I used to only use Apple, it just seems that the Android has a little more to offer as far as what I want and need my cell phone to do i guess.  I really could go either way, the Apple products are definitely the best quality.  My family all has Apple products.
You're a rebel... heheee!  Good thing computers are used for consumer and indestrial use!
Funny!  I see that someone built an actual working 16 bit computer using Minecraft building blocks, bet me nephew could do that!
oh minecraft... i bet you play that game!  lmao!!!
Did you know that the movie "Silence of the Lambs" opened at theaters on Valentines Day in 1991" Creepy.....
hahaaa!  That's awesome!  Crazy Disney thought about closing their animation dept
True, can't even imagine them doing that, Disney and Animation go hand in hand!
Hi there!  Are you a hockey fan?
Not too much although I like it better than football. Are you?
It's ok to watch if it's on but I don't go out of my way for it.  An average pro hockey player will lose up to 8 pounds a game.  If I had known that though when I was younger, I would have played.  lol
I played field hockey in high school. It was tough.
Nice!  That was never popular where I live.  An interesting tidbit though...I was on a native american reservation this past summer in New York and I learned that field hockey originated as a native sport!
That is interesting! A player caught fire when a puck hit his matches in his pocket. That was ice hockey, though. I hate to skate because I fell on the back of my head once. 
I tried ice skating and couldn't get the hang of it.  That had to have hurt.  In the first olympic winter games in 1924, Canada scored 132 goals and let in only 3 during the entire competition!
Ice hockey is very competitive. You have to have strong ankles and a thick skull. And you can get cut by someone else's blades. That's the worst. I prefer skiing.
I agree.  Canada is the only country with 2 national sports - lacrosse and ice hockey.
I have never seen lacrosse! I like to watch the ice dancers when the Olympics are on. I like that the Brazilian bobsled team is called Frozen Bananas.
That's funny! hahha  This might sound silly but what is the difference between lacrosse and field hockey?
I have no idea actually. Did you ever watch curling? They use brooms to move weights across the ice. I think it is popular in Maine and Canada.
I've seen that on the olympics.  Funny you say Maine I had cousins there when I was growing up.  We went there to visit them and that was the first time I ever saw field hockey and was shocked that it was a school sport.  lol
They made us play field hockey, whether you wanted to or not. I am from Massachusetts. We did play soccer too.
Nice!  Have cousins there...my grandmother was from Cambridge and I have cousins still in the Woburn area.  Can't remember the exact town names. LOL
haha. I have friends in 'Wooburn.' Growing up, I liked being out in the woods sksting on a pond as opposed to a rink. I don't think I have ever skated in a rink.
Haha like the accents.  I remember when I first went there I asked for a pop and no one knew what I was talking about.  They called it tonic.  lol  do they still call it that?
Some people do. I call it soda. I lived in Miami for a while and I called the water fountain a bubbler. Everyone made fun of me. 
Ha!  That's awesome!  I'm going to have to remember that next time I see one.  So since you play soccer...did you know that soccer makes more money than all of the other big sports combined?
I read that. I guess its because the game is universal. I like it better than hockey because the Boston Bruins seem to only want to fight with the other teams.
lol  A hockey player was traded for $1 in 1993 and went on to win 4 stanley cups.  Wonder who that it is.  LOL I just went by my son turned on the water in the sink and said "look at the bubbla" he looked at me like something was wrong with me and didn't say nothing...just walked away shaking his head.
haha that's funny. Well, nice chatting with you. Enjoy your pop!
lol  Have a nice day :)
Hello, were you aware that Elsa was originally a villain in Frozen?
No, that's sounds odd. Did you know Frozen was originally named Snow Queen but it was changed due to the belief that feminine titles under performed
It does sound weird, though it was only after Let It Go was wrote, that they changed her character. That sounds like something Disney would do.
Yea, I don't think Frozen would have made 1 billion if they kept her a villain
Honestly, I've never seen it. I've never seen Wreck-It Ralph either.
I haven't seen it either but it's pretty cool Alan Tudyk has had roles in every disney animated film since Wreck it Ralph
That is cool, I liked his character in Zootopia.
I find it pretty cool Robert Lopez did work for south park before writing for Frozen
I knew he co-wrote The Book of Mormon, but I didn't know about South Park.
Yea, Lopez has wrote a lot of songs, he even wrote for an episode of Scrubs
I think he won an Egot for the Scrubs episode, I don't remember correctly though.
Lopez is pretty talented, he has won an egot, emmy, grammy, oscar, and tony!
I don't think John Legend has won all of those.  Have you seen Avenue Q/
No but I heard Lopez did a great job on it and Book of Mormon too
Do you follow hockey? I hear they can lose almost 8 pounds per game.
Yea, I bet most of the 8 pounds of weight hockey players lose is mostly from sweat
That is a lot of water weight. Do all stadiums have a hockey ring under their basketball courts?
No, just ones that have a basketball and hockey team sharing the arena like Madison Square Garden does with the Knicks and Rangers
Does America have professional lacrosse teams? Canada does, its one of their national sports.
I think there is a professional Lacrosse league but it is nowhere near as popular of known as Lacrosse is in Canada
Do you know what bandy is? I've never heard of it, I guess it's a form of hockey.
No clue. Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Hi, do you like movies?
Hi! Yes, I love movies. In fact, Tom Hanks is one of my favorite actors. Did you know he's also the highest box office star of all time, making over $8.5 billion worldwide?
That's a lot of money! Do you like Disney movies too?
I do love Disney movies. You know, when Sleeping Beauty flopped at the box office, they almost shut down their entire animation studio. I'm so thankful they didn't!
I know. We would have been robbed of so many great movies. They did flop with Treasure Planet though.
I wonder if it was as bad as Trojan Wars? It only earned  $309 at the box office despite having a budget of $15 million. That's kind of depressing.
Yeah. Imagine being the lead on that and get those reviews and results back. So depressing!
No kidding! I kind of wish they'd make a movie about that computer the Russians made back in 1936 that ran on water. That is crazy, isn't it?
Yeah, like a space shuttle running on only 1mb of ram!
That would be interesting as well! I think the best horror movie would be about those transhumanist people who wish to upload their minds to memory sticks and computers. Ha!
Right? I don't want your brain on a stick... Do you smoke?
No kidding! Ha! If I did smoke, i wouldn't want to do it around Apple computers because it makes them a biohazard and voids the warranty. 
That's right! But don't smoke regardless... it's gross. Could you build a working computer out of minecraft blocks?
I wish I could but I'm not as brilliant as the person who did that. I'd rather just build a space ship and go to the moon. Ha! Speaking of the moon, did you know there's actually evidence of methane based life on one of Saturn's moons named Titan?
No, I did not. That's really interesting. Mar's moon, phobos is 1/3 hollow.
Thats pretty interesting! I also find it interesting that highest point on our moon is 1938 meters higher than Mt. Everest. I'm surprised no one's tried to climb it yet. Ha!
Yeah. It would probably be easier... with no gravity.... You could also look down on the people who ONLY climbed Everest....
Exactly. Ha! I'd just fear being hit by moon dust as it can cut through Kevlar-like material and cause the moon hay fever disease. So I would have to pass on climbing the moon's highest point.
What if it gave you super powers though... Like the ability to jump really high?
That would be cool. Ha! Well speaking of the moon, did you also know NASA had considered placing a UN flag on the moon instead of the US flag, months before Apollo 11?
I did not know that. I hope you have a great day. Nice chatting with you!
Hey there have you ever played chess? I used to be really good at it when I was younger
Oh, yes! I love chess. Have you ever played with the board that allows 3 people? That seems intense.
No I never played that! But it sounds pretty awesome LOL. It's also awesome that there are more possible moves in chess than there are atoms in the universe, that seems insane
Wow, that is so crazy. I can't believe chess has been around since before the 7th century, either. What a rich history!
That is a long time! Did you ever play by the way? Apparently the rules were standardized in the 19th century, even though like you mentioned, it has existed in some way or another since the 7th
I have played. I love most strategy games like Chess and Mah Jong. But I'm definitely no Darren Brown.
Can you tell me about Darren Brown? All I know about Chess is that people like Bobby Fischer are good, also judit pulgar is really good too, I bought one of her books when I was studying chest
Darren Brown was actually a magician! He beat nine of the best chess players in existence at the same time by replicating each of their moves against each other in every game.
Wow that's incredible! He sounds really good. On a separate note though, what do you think about concerts? Do you ever go to them?
I love concerts. I saw Depeche Mode recently. I've also seen Dave Matthews.
Oh yeah those are both really good. I really liked Lollapalooza which was a big Music Festival / concert that I went to last year. I also like the Ramones, did you know that they have been touring nonstop for 20 years?
Woah, that's super cool. They play pretty loudly, too. I wonder if they play as loud as Deep Purple. In 1972, three audience members passed out from the sound. They broke the world record!
That's scary! I would have hated that concert because I hate really loud music personally even though I do go to concerts LOL. I would go to the amphitheater in Croatia though, they were probably be respectful with sound there
If you don't like loud concerts, you probably would've loved the one Lou Reed had in 2010. Him and his wife held one for dogs, so the music was only a high frequency that they could hear.
Yeah I would have loved that haha! That way I couldn't have heard anything lol. I also would not have liked to go to that Creed concert, you know, the one where they were sued because the concert was so bad LOL
I haven't heard about that, but I could believe it! Speaking of people who weren't appreciated, did you know that Ronald Reagan lost a movie job because the producer didn't think he looked "presidential". Talk about irony!
Wow talk about a bad call LOL. It's interesting too, that he is the only president to be elected after previously being divorced. I wonder why that is
And that people voted for him! He was the original flip-flopper considering he began his career as a democrat!
You're right! I think it's awesome though that he called ice cream"a nutritious and wholesome food" and created National Ice Cream month, now that's something I can get behind haha
He must've had a tremendous sweet tooth. Apparently Jelly Belly created the blueberry flavor just for him.
That's awesome! I wish I had someone to make a jelly bean flavor after me LOL. It's interesting to that he was ambidextrous, you don't meet many people that are
What do you think about the cast of Chess,?
I actually haven't seen it.  Have you? 
I havent seen it either but I am exited, I think Murray Head has a lot of talent and the Eisenhower theater is also amazing.
I really like the game of chess?  Do you play?  Did you know there are more possible moves in a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe
Really!! that many? Wow, countless of strategies then, I dont play but have respect for those who do, it looks hard. 
It can be depending on your partner.  There is so much to think about so many options so many moves. Chess was invented in india
Is it true the president of the chess federation thinks the game was invented by aliens?
Haha I have no clue,  I guess it wouldnt surprise me.  I wonder why he thinks that or what evidence he has to support that theory. 
Maybe because of the complexity of the game, there is also an IQ correlation with strong chess players.
I am sure.  grandmaster judit polgar beat a 5 year old without looking at the board.
Thats crazy, he had a memorized strategy, so do you like music, have you attended any concerts lately?
i do like music.  I havent been to any concerts lately though,  Have you?
I havent been to any concerts lately either, I sure want to go to a Ramones concert, even though they played a total of 2263 concerts I wasnt able to go to one.
That is a ton of concerts, I cant imagine living out of suitcases for so long,  they must have loved it!  Hope they made a lot of money!
They might, they are a pretty good band, I also wanted to attend a Linking Park concert but that seems impossible now.
Yeah Linkin Park did 324 concerts one year!  They were a great band,  I wish I couldve saw them too. 
Yeah, their debut album was great I really liked it, another band I used to like was Creed.
I dont think I know who they are.  Any good?  what are some of their songs?
Some of their best songs are "My Sacrifice" and "Higher" you should look them up, too bad the band started having problems, in 2002 they gave a concert that wasn't up to their usual standards.
Oh right,  their fans filed a lawsuit,  that is unfortunate.  Must have been really bad!
Yeah, I wonder why because they have pretty good songs maybe the band was out of tune and didnt rehearse properly.
DO you play chess
I used to when I was younger.  It is a pretty strategic game and I am impressed by people that play it professionally.
I always wanted to play in the park of NYC 
I have always seen that on TV and in movies.  That would be fun.  I wonder if they have the version of chess that allows 3 players to play against each other.  
I don't think so because of how the board is built. 
Did you know that chess is thought to have originated out of a game that was played in India?  I never would have thought that.
There were many games that were derivative from the Indian game of Chaturanga
Oh really?  Do you know what those other games were?
I think one was janggi and the other shogi
Wow, I have heard of those games.  I can't believe chess has been played in Europe since the 9th century.
The number of possible moves makes it very difficult to master
Yep, and in chess the knight can only visit each square once during a game.  
I believe the World Press President is a bit crazy.
Why do you say that?
He believes the game was invented by Aliens rather than Indians
Wow, that is crazy.
The current grandmaster has been playing since he was 5
Wow.  I never would have thought they started that young.  However the boy scouts have a merit badge for chess now, so I guess youngsters do play regularly.
I did not realize that. That is great for the boy scouts since they are known for their outdoor type activities.
They also have merit badges for geocaching, robotics, and inventing.  It is nice to see them branching out to include kids with all kinds of interests.
I will have to look it up. I used to be a boy scout and don't remember all those badge.
Do you like movies?
Yeah, doesn't everybody.
The real question is do you like horror?
Never really been a big fan of horror movies. How about you?
I find it a hit or miss. It is interesting you can burn up to 180 calories by watching horror movies
Thats crazy maybe I need to start watching more horror movies. Lol. Maybe I can lose a few pounds.
Did you know that creepy reverberating metallic noise is created by a waterphone?
I had no idea what that even is to be honest with you. I did hear that watching a horror film before viewing abstract art will make you enjoy the art more. Crazy huh.
The waterphone is kind of like a ton of tuning forks attached to a circular ring that vibrates as you play the tongs
Oh thats good to know. So Im guessing they use that to make the noises in the horror films. 
Ya but I feel horror is subjective. The actor in the shinning didn't know he was in a horror film until several years later
That is true. When I was a kid they scared me, now I find most of them either just stupid or funny, instead of scary.
I never thought of bambi as a horror film, but I see stephen king's point since if not animated, the film is quite dark
I guess when they shot the momma deer it was kind of dark. The rest of it doesn't really seem too bad. I guess it has been a long time since I have seen it though.
I mean the bird kind of made it better. Generally disney use bird and cute animals to bring a lighter tone to movies also like in sleeping beauty
To think about it that makes a lot of sense. I guess birds just have a way of making people feel better.
They have a beautiful voice, but sometime they can mimic sounds of car alarms and chainsaws. If you heard any such sounds randomly in Australia, it is probably just birds not jason
Lol. Thats good to know in case I ever go to Australia. Birds really are amazing creatures. Some even migrate from Alask all the way to Mexico without sleeping. Thats amazing.
I wonder how many days the trip is. As amazing as nature is to create such magnificent creatures, birds can be jerks too. Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to build their nest. Too bad spider.
Dont hurt my feelings any. They can kill all the spiders they want to.
Lol. In any case, thank you for the humorous chat.
No problem. Have a good one. 
Hello there, are you a big movie fan?
yes,  love movies.  How about yourself?
Yeah I do as well.  Did you see the movie Lady Bird?
I did.  What did you think of it?  I never really get those Oscar nominee's movies,  I always have to look up the meaning afterwards lol There is always a hidden meaning, symbolism,  or something.
Yeah there is always something like that.  I thought it was pretty good, it kept my attention throughout anyways then I know it's decent. 
Yeah,  I think I was just waiting for something more to happen .  Do you like horror films? watching horror movies can burn 180 calories!
Yeah I do enjoy a good horror movie.  Wow! That is crazy, they should market that and people will watch more. 
I know right!  maybe they can package it with a diet program or something!  lol 
Yeah they should lol.  Do you know what the name of the instrument they use to make the majority of metallic noises in horror movies with?
A waterphone.  also,  I learned that the noises on walking dead when the zombies are eating humans is actually a guy eating fried chicken!
Yeah good call!  That is awesome, I wonder how much they get paid, I would take that job. 
hell yeah,  me too!  haha its funny that the boy from the shining didnt know he was in a scary movie lol 
I never heard that about that movie, it's such a classic! I wonder what role he thought he was auditioning for. 
hmmm sesame street?  lol I actually havent watched the movie either but I have seen clips. 
Yeah maybe lol!  How about Meryl Streep, are you a fan of hers?  Or are you like Jerry Seinfeld?
I like Meryl Streep,  shes is good actress.  its funny that her first role was a sports movie lol 
I didn't know that, yeah I think she is pretty good as well.  I know she has been nominated for a lot of academy awards. 
yeah,  I didnt realize her daughter is an actress too,  apparently she is on Mr. Robot. 
I didn't know either, I wonder if she will stay acting as long as Clint Eastwood. 
Maybe if there are roles available to her,  she is very talented. 
Yeah I think there will be plenty of roles still for her. Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night. 
did you know that stephen king was terrified of the movie bambi as a child?
No, I didn't know, why? 
I guess he says it traumatized him and he felt it was the first horror movie he ever saw, that movie will scar you haha
No, it didn't scare me, I was sad. I was scared reading Edgar Allan Poe, and you?
I like The Raven, I think the poetry was amazing, I never liked his stories I didn't think they were scary, what about you?
I was scared to death, lol, do you know that  Mary Shelley wrote Frankenstein? are you afraid of him?
I did know that, I saw the movie with Robert deniro, that movie kind of stinks but apparently you can burn up to 180 calories watching a horror movie, so hopefully I burned some calories watching that haha
hahahahahaha I need to burn a lot of calories, I will start being a fan of horror movies, lol, I just saw the Bird Box, was terrified. Do you like Meryl Streep?
I heard bird box was good but never saw it, I don't know I can't say that I like her, I do know her first movie was in a sports movie, do you like her?
Yes, I do, I have seen her in almost every movie. Do you like birds?
Ya birds are fine, I like eating them the best especially chicken and turkey! what about you? we're having chicken tonight actually
hahahahaha, no, I don't like to much chicken and turkey, I prefer pork, completely, I didn't know anything about the elephant birds, I am going to google them now. Have you read about it?
haven't heard about them, I do know about the dodo bird though, it was a relative of the pigeon and was hunted to extinction because sailors were eating them, they were probably delicious haha
Hahaha, well, I have read all about the expeditions to the North and South Poles, they ate even their back packs. Hunger is hunger, I didn't know that they fly non stop that they even don't sleep.
that is wild, I love that hummingbirds steal spider webs to use in their nests, like that is so smart and "eco friendly" haha
hahaha, sure, the spider hate them, hahahah, they need to have their own police. I would love to have a bird high metabolic rate, though
haha I want to meet these spider police that arrest hummingbirds for web theft, like those would have to be some super big and super beefy spiders!
hahaha, you are funny. Well, now we can see that there are birds adapted to air, to the ground and water birds.
what about the birds in austrailia that can mimic the sound of chainsaws and cameras, like that would be freaky to think theres a guy chasing you with a chainsaw but its really a bird haha
hahahahaha, well, that would be really a horror movie! I would be so scared, besides, I would be an easy prey. I can't run. lol.
haha that would make a funny horror movie, the animals in austrailia are horrifying enough as it is!
Who do you think will take it big at the Academy Awards?
I have no idea. I haven't watched any movies this year. How about you? Did Meryl Streep do anything? She has won more Golden Globes than anyone.
Washington Post Film Critics made some forecasts.  
What was your favorite  movie this year? King Kong was one of mine in the past. Meryl Streep auditioned for the lead role in the 1976 one.
I can't say any stand out right now, but I would like to see the Mr. Rogers documentary
Oh, I loved his show. He was a great person who spoke at Congress to make sure they didn't drop funding for PBS. I wonder what he would think of the world today. Do you watch Horror? I heard they use a waterphone for much of the creepy music.
I am afraid of horror.  Danny from the Shining didn't even know he was in a horror film until several years afterwards
Hmm, I guess he didn't read the script. Since he was so young I guess his parents got all of his pay. I heard Meryl Streep's first film role was a sports movie. Do you like sports?
I love sports!  Streep was called ugly in Italian in her first audition for king kong to which she understood the Italian and replied back to the producer
I friend of mine and I were on vacation in Germany and were on a hiking trip with a German group back in the 70s. We were making jokes about them in English since they were all German. Later one of the Germans said "Are you from America" in perfect English. How embarrassing.
You can't ever be too careful.   Did you know that Meryl Streep has a daughter who is an actress playing an fbi agent on mr. robot-grace gummer?
I was wondering about that. I love that show. I have seen every season. I thought she looked like Streep. Do you like Hummingbirds; we have a feeder at my house. I heard they make their nest partially from spider webs.
Wow, I've seen some.  They are amazing how fast they flap.  Most birds bones are so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers.
I love to watch vultures high in the sky as they fly in circles for hours without flapping their wings. I bought an RC sailplane so I can fly like that. Crows do it too in a limited way. Have you seen any vultures up high?
Sometimes.  That is amazing to watch!  Speaking of watching, you can burn 180 calories watching a horror film.
Hmm, that is a good way to lose weight if you don't eat popcorn at the same time. Did you read the book The Shining? I can't believe Stephen King thought Bambi was a horror movie.
I saw the movie the Shining I believe.  Disney movies have been creepy at times.  I could see how Bambi losing his mother in a fire could be horrific!  They say that if you watch a horror movie before viewing abstract art, you'll enjoy the art more.  I guess it heightens your senses.
I hate abstract art. I like impressionism and realism. I can't believe they get millions of dollars for stuff that looks like it took them 5 minutes and just threw paint around. Did  you know horror has been a film genre for over one hundred years?
Wow!  Edgar Allan Poe and Mary Shelley have some timeless classics in horror.
I heard Poe had a fear of being buried alive. They didn't know back then that people could be unconscious to the point they have weak vital signs. So some were buried in coffins and woke up trapped until they ran out of air and really died. I wonder if Meryl Streep who has been nominated for 21 Academy Awards has been in a horror film.
That is creepy but a bit paranoid.  But perhaps if the dodo bird thought of that, maybe it could have survived extinction.
Hi there, how are you? Have you ever read Washington Irving's "Sleepy Hollow"?
I read it in school actually.  It is a good story.  The headless horseman was freaky
Synetic Theater has turned it into a play. It would be interesting to see it in theater format.
I saw the movie many years ago, and I agree, I would be great as a play.  I wonder how they do the Headless Horseman in the play. 
I'm sure they do it through costume design. I think this version of the play is a little different than the traditional story, adding war and a romantic rivalry.
Well I like when people do different interpretations.  It will still have the basics im sure, such as Icobod Crane.  I remember him being kind of a wuss in the original.
Haha I think he was kind of a wuss as well. In this interpretation he's kind of a thug and hangs out with a bunch of army guys. I guess they toughened him up a bit.
They also made a play about Edgar Allen Poe called Nevermore.  It was a musical 
Hmm interesting. It's good to know that Texas has theater. I had no idea. Prices aren't bad either.
Texas theatre might be a little less stuck up than other theatre communities.  They probably serve beer and BBQ during the show
That would be amazing! Do you think the use a real horse on stage?
Ha.  I doubt it.  I think they would use actors or puppeteers.  
You never know, horses have been used in a ton of movies.
True, but I can imagine they would be harder to control on stage in front of an audience.  I see a big risk for an accident
True, we have been domesticating them for thousand of years though. Some even use to work with firefighters.
Horses are amazing creatures.  People have been using them since 4000 BC 
Yeah, I don't know I feel about people racing them for sport. Are you a fan?
Never cared much about horse racing..  I think horses are great creatures, but I would rather watch other forms of racing
Me too, I think it's a rough life for them. Did you see the new movie Bohemian Rhapsody?
I have not, but I am a big fan of Queen.  How was it?
It was pretty awesome. I was listening to their greatest hits album recently. Freddie Mercury has a great voice.
He was an amazing performer who died too young
Hi, how are you tonight? Do you go to concerts much?
I do go to concerts sometimes. The last concert I went to was Lollapalooza. What about you. Do you ever go to concerts? I've always wanted to go to Linkin Park concert personally
I used to go when I was younger, but now, not so much. No time, little money. How was Linkin Park?
Well I always wanted to go to a Linkin Park concert. I never actually went so far, I just know that they tour a lot, for instance in 2001 they did 324 shows
How did they that?! 324 is an astounding number. THey must not have slept. Or they were young and full of energy. Too bad about their lead singer.
Yep I agree, it's too bad that he's gone now. It's crazy to that the Ramones played 2200 concerts in about 20 years, I would definitely check them out as well
How rich are they? They must be rolling in dough. The fans must love them to support 20 years of touring. I guess new fans have appeared every generation.
Oh they're definitely loaded LOL. I really would like to see a concert in the ancient Roman Amphitheatre, it's still being used today and it's in Croatia
I think that's great! I wonder how comfortable the seats are though. The acoustics must be interesting as well. I wonder if the Ramones ever played there.
I wonder that too! Would you ever see Creed in concert? I read that they were sued because people were displeased with their concert 
I wonder if the fans won their lawsuit, or if the band settled. The case may have had merit, in which case I wouldn't be surprised if the band decided to stop recording and touring. 
I know right lol they should take that as a hint haha. Do you like Pink Floyd at all? They apparently played at an Amphitheatre, and I would have loved to have seen that
Floyd is great. I would have loved to watch them play. But why an empty stadium? Were the acoustics better?
I know right LOL I hope they recorded it on TV for everyone to see though. But maybe not cuz they were kind of weird haha. Have you ever seen the movie Frozen by the way?
Haven't seen Frozen. heard of it. Supposed to be good, with lots of good songs. Have you seen it?
I have seen it. It's ok. It's not the best movie that Disney ever made in my opinion. I do know that the director was the first director of a Disney animated movie though
Women don't get many opportunities to direct, I know. I think the movie probably needed a woman's touch. It's about a princess, right? 
It is about a princess. I can't believe you haven't heard the song Let It Go, that was like a huge song on that movie first came out, and apparently they changed the main character to go with that song so that she was good instead of being evil, because she was going to be evil initially
I guess I'm old and out of touch! LOL. I think that it must have been a powerful song for them to change the character around that way.
I need to see the movie. Just to let you catch up with the times maybe haha. Do you listen to Adele by the way?
I don't know Adele. Is she a singer?
Yep she's a singer. She did the theme for the movie Skyfall, you remember the one with James Bond and everything. Apparently Daniel Craig started crying when he first heard that theme
Hi, how are you doing today? Do you go to concerts much?
Hello there, I am well thank you.  I do like to go, but I haven't been going as much as I would like to, how about you?
I used to go. Not so much now. Not much time or money. Do you know the band Linkin Park?
Yeah the time is the real issue now days.  And yeah I have heard of them, how about you?
I don't really know their music. I'm impressed that Linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone. That's some stamina.
That is a crazy schedule for one year of touring!  Wow!
They must have made a mint. The fans must have been happy too.
Yeah I guess if you were a fan chances are they would be playing a show somewhere near you that year. 
The Ramones have played a ton of concerts as well. I expect their fans would be happy too.
Yeah those guys are pretty good as well.  Did you know that Lou Reed and his wife once held a high frequency concert for dogs?
I guess the dogs appreciated that? I dunno. Why? Was it for publicity? In 2002 a creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band. I hope the dogs didn't sue Lou Reed.
Yeah that sounds pretty sad, it sounds like they didn't like the show, so don't buy another ticket, simple. 
I guess, but maybe they felt cheated and wanted to teach the band a lesson. I've been to bad concerts, but a lawsuit is a lot of headache and time.
Yeah same here, and to me there are too many people suing too many other people these days. 
In Croatia, there is an ancient roman amphitheatre that is still in use as a concert venue. I wonder what big-name acts play there now.
I think that is so cool.  I guess they do say thing were built to last back then. 
That's true. . Would you play a concert to an empty stadium like Pink Floyd?
I think I wouldn't mind doing that yeah, it would be a nice change of pace. 
I guess the acoustics must have been exquisite. Or the band was high on drugs. 
That and probably both, I am a big Pink Floyd fan, but mostly of their first album. 
I know a few of their songs. I've heard they did great concerts. I would love to have gone to one.
Yeah same here, I would of loved to have seen Syd Barrett perform with the band live.  It was nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good one!
hey did you know that Pink Floyd recorded a concert once to no audience?
Pink Floyd tried to push the boundaries, man. They would record where-ever they had to, man, to get the sound, man, that they had to for their audience, man. Floyd was the man, man
haha Floyd is awesome, and ya that concert was in an ancient roman amphitheater, only they would do that haha
What about the amphitheater in Croatia? They forgot about that! It is still in use!
oh ya they should have played that one to with no audience! do you like the ramones?
I have heard their music, I have listened to their music, and yet I do not know their music. Do you know their music?
I have heard their music, I'm not crazy about them, but I do respect their touring, over 2000 shows in 20 years is a lot
They must have used some special drugs designed by the government! I think that they measure up to Linkin Park!
oh totally, that linkin park played 324 concert in a year aka almost one per day is pure insanity!
The kids know how to keep up the momentum! I wish I had their energy!
I know right! what I would be embarrased with is being sued for having bad concerts, like Creed was, thats embarrassing haha
That Creed concert sounded really unenjoyable! I would have sued too! 
haha I agree, I don't like Creed so maybe I'm biased but that is bad! Do you like the singer Adele?
I do not know who that is. I am sorry about that Was she sued by her fans?
haha no she's a famous singer, she did the theme for the movie Skyfall, apparently Daniel Craig started crying when he first heard that
Daniel Craig I head cries a lot. I'm not surprised! 
lol he definitely doesn't compare to sean connery when it comes to james bond
He tries his best. We cannot all be Sean. Every Bond has his charms. There will be a female Bond one day.
haha ya I think so, back to Adele she said the spice girls were a major influence on her, which I do like the spice girls haha
Don't know the Spice Girls, but I do know spice. Anyways, thanks for the chat! Stay safe! Stay foolish! Stay groovy
haha you stay groovy too! ya check out the spice girls they have some catchy songs!
Do you like to listen to the piano? 
I do. I used to play. Pretty funny that on April 18th, 1930 the BBC felt there was no news worth reporting do they broadcast piano music instead,
Simpler times my friend simpler times. I can not play the piano, except for some of chopstick, lol!
Haha. Freddie Mercury used the same piano to record Bohemian Rhapsody as Paul McCartney did to record Hey Jude.
That sounds cool. There was an aluminum piano built for the lounge of the Hindenburg that weighed 356 lbs. 
I would love to see that! In 2006 a group of climbers found a piano when they reached the top of Britain's highest mountain.
Sounds strange but ok. Do you know who Bartolomeo Cristofori was? 
No I don't think so. Who?
He invented the acoustic, stringed musical instrument back in the 1700 which the strings were struck by hammers. 
Oh. Okay. Do you like to read? 
Yeah but mostly audible books now, You? I hear the fda burned tons of literature as an act of censorship. 
I'm sure they did! Did you know architecture, literature, music, painting and sculpture were Olympic events from 1912 to 1952.
Wow, again simpler times my friend. Wow i did not know that romantic kissing is a fairly recent development. 
Oh, it is? There is a song composed solely for stress testing auto-pianos.
Wonder what that sounds like. Have you ever ridden a horse? I did when i was a kid but not since becoming an adult.
I wonder too. I have not ridden a horse in a very long time. 
Clint Eastwood developed a mid-life allergy to horses. I wonder if he was just tired of doing westerns. 
Haha I wonder! D?id you know dalmations are part of the fire department because they used to be used to keep the horses calm and to also protect them?
Wow i did not but that makes since because dogs have been a great contributor to man. Apparently the horse is one of two extant subspecies of equus ferus.
Oh, I did not know that. Sounds pretty amazing. I know horses were domesticated in a widespread manner by 3000 BC, so they have been around people for a long time.
Funny note, Two high school kids road horses to school on no vehicle day, Hilarious! 
That is funny! It was good chatting. Bye.
Hello, how are you doing tonight?
Hello, doing good!! Do you like to read?
I do, how about yourself?
I have always liked to read!! and sometimes write fiction. did you know there is a contest to create the worst opening sentence to a novel?
I didn't, however I believe I could contend with that one! Did you ever read Sleepy Hollow?
No i have not but seems  kind of creepy... kind of dark.. I did imagine the dark forest with a ghosthly horse and horseman... Did you read it?
I did read it, I love horror novels. The way they described everything with such detail was amazing.  The crimes that Ichabod Crane did in the story, theres no wonder why he came back.
I think I would like the musical performance in theaters.. The composer actually appears on stage.. creepy too!
Yea that would be amazing to get to see. Have you ever tried to play the piano?
Yes a little bit, I have one but I am a bass player. Did you know about the piano that Freddie Mercury used to play bohemian rhapsody?
No, what about it?
That is the same piano that was used by Paul Mc Cartney to play hey Jude!!
That's awesome, I did not know that! Did you know in 1930 the bbc said there was no news so they just played piano music!
Oh really? That would not happen today. they would not allow even 30 seconds without revenue! Did you know a bizarre place and situation where a piano was found? 
I am not sure, do tell!
It was back in 2006 a group of climbers found it  on top of the highest Britain's mountain!!
That's crazy! Did you know they built a piano for the airship hindenburg? It weighed 356 pounds and was made from aluminum.
Wow!! I did  not know that.. how light. I wonder how it sounded?
I am not sure! Well its been nice talking with you!
Well, thanks for the chat!! you have a good one!
Bye!
What forms of entertainment do you enjoy?
Oh, I really love listening to Adele when I am on a long car ride. She won a Grammy in 2009. 
Indeed she is an impressive singer and songwriter. She has 10 platinums so far in both the US and UK, a impressive achievement
Exactly! She also won the Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 2009. I relate to her because she is shy and has a hard time looking into the camera when she performs.
She has a wonderful singing voice. Her skyfall theme even brought Daniel Craig to tears 
Yes, I had heard that too. Some of her early influencers were the Spice Girls. That is pretty funny since they do not have the same sound at all!
Her album 21 is still the biggest selling uk album of the 21st century
Yep, she is the best! MY young daughter and I watched the movie Frozen for the first time today. It was so cute! It is actually the 53rd Disney feature film.
Do you enjoy animated disney films?
Yes, we usually do. This one was extra cute. It grossed over $1 billion in box office revenue. Did you see it?
I did enjoy how disney made the movie more kid friendly while maintaining a good story. Also frozen is the first disney animated film with a female director
Yes, I also had heard that the name was changed from Snow Queen to Frozen based on previous feminine film titles underperforming at the box office.  
I wonder if that is a coincidence. We almost never had elsa as we know it if let it go wasn't so uplifting. That song alone changed her from the main villain to protagonist
Yes, that is weird! Disney also changed the movie Rapunzel to the name Tangled for the same reason, low sales.
I personally enjoy music, which is why I though let it go was a wonderful song. Do you enjoy music and concerts as well?
Yes, I love music too! Live music is usually the best plan for a date night for my husband and I. What about you?
I want to go one day to go listen to a concert using a ancient roman amphitheater as a venue.
That would be cool. I had learned that Pink Floyd recorded a live concert in Pompeii once.
Too bad they had no audience. I also enjoy linkin park and ramones. They have both played hundreds if not thousands of concerts, attesting to their skill
Yes, I would like to see Linkin Park live one day. It's too late to see the Ramones though.
At least it wasn't a creed concert. I heard 4 were so bad that lawsuits were filed. I wonder if it was the problem of the band or venue
Yikes! Time to find a good concert to see this weekend! See ya.
Thank you for the lovely chat.
hello, let's talk about Venom
Hello. Sure. I believe Tom Hardy plays Venom for the movie.
yes and "Venom," which represents Sony's effort to build its own superhero universe, which is nice
Chicago Tribune wrote that it is a mess but a really funny and fascinating mess...
yes, did you know that In "Venom," which opens Friday, Hardy plays both Eddie Brock, a Bay Area digital journalist?
Yes, I heard about it. Do you like superheros in general?
yes alot, do you know Ruben Fleischer?
Not really. Can you tell me more about him?
I learned that The result, as directed by Washington native Ruben Fleischer ("Zombieland"), can play like a one-man buddy picture that summons comparisons to "Liar, Liar" and "All of Me", interesting, right?
Right. But The Hollywood Reporter, too, describes "Venom" as a throwback of a superhero movie. I am curious about the movie now :)
me too, have you heard about The Chicago Tribune?
No, what did they say?
a real mess of a movie is "so much more thrilling than any of the formulaic superhero movies that parade through multiplexes all year., that's what been said. Do you agree?
I agree. The New York Post has the harshest review in which calls this assembly-line product "a disaster on every level, from the hatchet job writing to the horrid performances" that puts "its focus on juvenile humor instead of heart or action.". That is too harsh I believe.
yes I agree with you. Did you watch Spider-Man 3?
No, I did not. Was it good? 
No it is not good in my opinion. "Spider-Man 3" - is aggressively loud and stupid without being much fun at all.
Ah, good to know, thanks. I will not waste my time on it then. Which superhero is your favorite?
Which is your favorite superhero?
Ironman I think...
I like Superman, Do you heard about Marvel comics?
Have you seen the movie "Venom"? Tom Hardy played a dual role but only scored a 28% Fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes. 
I did, I thought it was a great movie, I think the ratings arent fair, did you watch it?
I haven't seen it but the Chicago Tribune seemed to like it although they thought it was a mess of a movie. 
You should watch it, its actually a good movie, it is fun and the leading actor is great he plays the role of Venom and of Eddie in style 
I may.  I seldom listen to critics.  It is surprising that the Hollywood Reported said it was "thoroughly irredeemable." 
It seems like a harsh review, I know Marvel movies are in another leage but still calling it the poor cousin seems way out of line. 
Not all the reviews were bad.  Uproxx said that they thought Venom has potential for cult-movie status. 
Yeah I guess their review was more accurate, its not a great movie but it is a fun movie to watch, 
Would you go to a movie for a Superhero "Normalman" a guy with no superpowers surrounded by those that do?
I dont think I would pay for that lol, seems a bit absurd, although he must be a badass to be a hero without powers kind of like Batman.
I watched a video of Batman that was made during WWII (1943).  I guess that's the Batman that Stan Lee re-imaged when he worked on DC stuff. 
I havent watched that one I might look it in Youtube later, Stan Lee did write 15 dc comics reimagining superheroes.
There is one character the DC and Marvel both own.  I wonder what one it is?  They like to keep things separate. 
Access is the name of the hero, and yeah I agree, both universes belong in different spaces. 
Speaking of universes, there are people that think the universe is one big superhologram. 
That seems like a crazy theory to me, but who knows, theres a lot we dont know about the universe and its wonders.
Here's another: there is theory that the universe contains only one electron.  That's one hell of an electron!
It is, also sounds like a crazy theory just like how universes evolve though natural selection
There are also a crazy amount of superheros in the U.S.  The number is 300.  How many can you name?  I couldn't even get close. 
300 of  them? I bet I could name at least 20!Garfield was a superhero once,
A cat, why not?  Thanks for the chat, you were great. 
Did you watch Venom?
I didn't, but I have some friends who went and saw it. I've heard many people enjoyed it
I thouhg it was a nice movie, the starring actor was nominated to a Academy Award, he acted well in the movie.
Venom is one of the most complex characters in the Marvel Universe, so it's not surprising that people felt like the movie was an enjoyable mess
Well it was a challenge to mix all elements in a proper way but Sony didnt dissapoint and managed to do so, the movie recieved bat ratings though, 
Maybe the problem isn't the movie itself, but that the movie was released at a time when other Marvel characters are getting more attention due to their connection to a bigger storyline
Yeah that makes sense but still it got a rating of 28 in Rotten Tomatoes and a score of 35 out of 100 in Metacritic, I have to say I disagree with those rating of the movie
It might be due to his origin story though. Plus, he's not really a hero nor is he a villain, so many don't know what to do with the character. There are many other superhero movies set to release in the next two years
Yeah Im exited to watch the movies Marvel will release this year, Captain Marvel being one of them do you like Marvel Studios?
I do enjoy Marvel movies. I think Disney acquiring Marvel Entertainment has been for the better. Did you know they created a superhero just to encourage a young boy to wear his hearing aids?
I didnt know that, I do think its a great deed, there is also a superhero called Normalman lol
Of course there is. Back in the 90s, Michael Jackson tried to buy the comics because he wanted to portray Spider-Man in his own movie
That would have been a scary movie for sure lol can you imagine Michael Jackson as Spiderman? thank God he wasnt able to buy the rights of the hero
That would have been an interesting movie for sure. Doctor Strange's character originated as Sir Isaac Newton in the Marvel universe
I see, Doctor Strange is one of my favorite heroes, you know Michael Jackson wasnt the only one interested in the rights of Spiderman apparently Sony was too and bought the rights, Marvel offered all the other characters for 25 million and Sony thought they were worthless
Little did they know. Marvel has even trademarked the names "super-hero" and "super-villain"
I wonder if DC comics has to pay them everytime they use those names in any of their movies or stories
It may depend on the context of its use. Many of the superheroes that are popular today are a result of an experiment Stan Lee did when he was planning on changing careers. I'm glad he didn't
Im glad he didnt as well, he surely made a big contribution to general culture, its too sad he died.
I know. He's definitely changed the way we view superheroes. Marvel wouldn't be where it is now without him. Even the Garfield book series created a pet force with Garfield as a superhero
Garfield is a badass so I can definetely see him as a superhero, Stan Lee also re wrote 15 DC comics in his own way
I'm sure they enjoyed that. He's definitely been a key player in the genre we know as superhero fiction
I think Marvel and DC have a good relationship, there is a character owned by both franchises.
Maybe now, but the character of Captain Marvel has a long history of different variations. She and Shazam both come from the same idea
Do you enjoy superhero movies and marvel comics?
Sometimes. For a while I was a bit bored with them
What do you like about superheros?
Just interesting to think about what kind of super power you would like and how you would use it. How about you? What kind of super power would you like? Have you seen any superhero movies you really liked recently?
I would like to manipulate time but that is too much of a cheat. I did how they dealt with such a op power in heroes the tv show. Did you know there is a comic series about fixing the collateral damage cased by superheros?
Ha, never heard of that one. That would be an interesting series. Is it any good?
I personally liked it. I also liked the superhero called normalman, where they did a reverse and he was the only normal person in a planet full of superheroes
Gives an interesting definition of the word 'normal'. Did you ever see the movie Venom?
Unfortunately, I have not, but I have read up a bit on it since it seemed interesting and had mixed reviews. I liked how Tom Hardy was casted as the lethal protector Venom.
I never saw it either, but while I heard the reviews were really bad, it was supposed to be kind of fun if you didn't take it seriously. Did you know that if you could fold a piece of paper in half 103 times it would be as thick as the observable universe?
I know that on rotten tomatoes, it only got 28%, I think it was because it was so hyped. As a stand alone movie I heard it wasn't too bad despite the critics.
Yeah, I usually don't pay too much attention to what critics write. I'm generally pretty easily entertained when it comes to movies. How about you?
I tend to read them because its always nice to see things from different perspectives. For instance, a chicago tribune state that a the real mess of a movie was much more thrilling that the formulaic superhero movies all year prior.
There are definitely a lot of bad reviews out there for Venom. One of the harshest reviews called it "a disaster on every level"
Well bad movies aren't too bad. I mean there are movies like the elevator that are so bad that people watch it to laugh at how bad it really is.
Ha, that's true, cause Ishtar is also a fantastic movie.  Did you know there was once a Garfield series spinoff where Garfield and his gang were portrayed as superheros!
Wow that sounds very interesting. It is too bad that some people felt that venom existed as a waste of time
I think it's impossible to please everyone. Hopefully the people that made the movie liked it. While some people are down on the Spiderman series, I actually liked some of the more recent movies.
I personally really enjoyed the most recent Spiderman Spiderverse. While it has many elements like superhuman powers, fighting against evil, and battling supervillians, the artwork and story was really good.
I haven't seen that one yet, but it's now on my list of movies to see! Any other recommendations?
I would recommend what we do in the shadows or History of the world part 1. Both are comedies that I enjoyed. Thank you for the wonderful chat.
Do you like to swim?
I do like to swim. In fact I have a pool. 
Nice!  I'm jealous!  There is a competitive swimming type where the swimmer has their hands and legs bound and they swim like a dolphin.  Kind of odd.
Oh okay, I would not be good at that at all! But, the US has almost as many gold medals in swimming as the rest of the world combined, so I guess somewhere they're out there.
Nice!  All Cornell students have to pass a basic swimming test before they're allowed to graduate.
Now that would be hard! There's no way I would be able to pass that test!
lol  Have you ever heard of the front crawl swimming stroke?
I have heard of that. Isn't it the one that Native Americans introduced to the West when they beat the British who only used the breaststroke?
You are correct!  Good job!  There is a banned swimsuit so good that 94 percent of all swimming racers at the 2008 olympics wore it.
Oh, wow! That must have been some kind of special suit!
I guess so!  Do you like soccer?
I do like soccer but not as much as football.
Well...they do call it football in other parts of the world...lol  American's call it soccer as slang for association football.  How about golf?
I like golf a little. Did you know gold courses in America make up more space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined?
That's pretty incredible to think about.  The average American golf course uses around 312,000 gallons of water per day!
Oh, that's nothing compared to a golf course in Dubai that uses 4 million gallons a day! So wasteful if you ask me!
Whoa!  You're so right on that.  I like how Samuel Jackson puts a golf clause in his film contracts.  Have you seen that?
No way!  Do you know what the contract says?
It allows him to play golf twice a week during filming productions!
Oh, what a smart man. Did you know that Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer?
I had no idea!  I bet he could drive the ball a mile!
Yeah, I bet! Nice chatting today! Take care.
I had a good time!  Have a good one!
Do you enjoy sports?
Yes, I do, but I dont know too much about them, I am reading about the Big East Scholar Athlete Sport Excellence Award
Wasn't that award selecting from 311 athletes across 22 sports?
Yes, you got it. It recognizes academic and athletic achievement as well as comunity service. And I am reading about The Hoyas, do you know something about it?
I only recently read a bit that four recent graduates of georgetown were named winners of the award. Do you have anything else to add?
Yes, do you  like rowing?
I am aware of the sport, but I don't know much else. Could you tell me about it?
Well, Juinor Caroline O'Brien won the lightweight pairs title in Poznan, Polanda. I guess is a very difficult sport. 
I heard that rowing is among the toughest sports physically. Personally though, I am more interested in golf and swimming
Do you play golf? I didn't know that it was originated in Scotland.
I dabbled. Did you know that the land dedicated to golf courses is larger than rhode island and delaware combined?
Yes, is amazing! what I was wondering is how they consume so much water on the golf courses. Do you think that is for water the land?
I recently read they spend about 300k gallons per day. I bet we could fine better uses of water
Yes, I would like to be able to watch the variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time, it would be fun, but I guess is more difficult for the referee.
I would love to watch such a crazy match as well. It is crazy how soccer makes more money than football, basketball, and golf combined. 
Do you like to swim? could you swim with your limbs bound as a dolphin? I couldn't I am sure.
I could swim like that for a second, and then drown like a glass bottle. 
hahahahahaahah, is amazing what the German Soccer player did, to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil
That was very generous of him. I'm glad some are doing charity with their large winnings
Yes, I hope for rich people would do that, help the people with less money. Did you now that babies can swim? nice to meet you, giving you an excellent.
Thank you to you as well.
It seems like Georgetown has a lot of talented athletes!
that's true maybe it's something in the water? do you watch swimming on tv?
Yeah that could be one of the reasons and I only watch swimming events when its a mayor competition like the Olympics, what about you?
well I can't say I watch the Olympics haha, I do know that there is a form of swimming where you tie your arms and legs and swim like a dolphin, that sounds wild haha
That sounds wild and fun indeed lol, well we are the reigning champins in swimming gold medals, we have almost as many gold medals as the rest of the world together
ya that is impressive, there is a swimsuit that it is so good it was banned from the olympics, I wonder what makes it so good
I heard that 94% of the races were won by using that swimming suit, that is not a coincidence.
right, like does it have fish scales or something haha? do you know that soccer makes more money that all other sports combined worldwide?
I didnt know that but I guess it makes sense as its played in over 200 countries and a WorldCup moves a of money by itself, do you like soccer?
no I can't ssay I do haha I don't watch sports unless I'm with friends, but it is weird that soccer is called football by the rest of the world, that makes more sense honestly because it's a game where only your foot touches the ball haha
I agree football is a great name for the sport, soccer doesnt make much sense, there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face ech other at the exact time
wow I would check that out, and ya I guess people in the usa call it "soccer" because that is slang for association football, so that kind of makes sense
It does make sense when you put it that way, did you watch the World Cup back in 2014?
haha can't say that I did! I do know that the usa team isn't very good, what happened in that game?
Well Germany won the final and they all received like a $300,000 bonus, one of the players donated his bonus so that 23 children in Brazil could affor surgeries.
wow that is nice of him, did you ever watch the Daily Show? I guess Jon Stewart was very skilled at football and played for the USA team back in 1983
Yeah I have watched the daily show although I had no idea he played football, he must have been really good
ya it seems like it, do you play golf? I never knew Babe Ruth was also a gofler
I dont play it but like the sport, Samuel L Jackson also likes golf, he has a clause in his contracts that allows him to play golf while the movie is still in production
haha that is funny, I always wondered about the golf course in dubai, like it's a dessert and it uses 4 millino gallons of water a day for teh grass!
Wow that is a lot of water, in America they usually consume 10 times less that cuantity.
that is impressive, also impressive is that USA golf courses take up more space than Delaware and Rhode Island put together
Soccer is the most famous ball game in the world 
yes lets talk about soccer , also called association football. Soccer is the most popular sport in the world. 
the Brazilian Ronaldo is still my favorite player 
The sport earns a lot of money also, more than football, basketball, and baseball combined to name a few. 
It is played by almost every country in the world
The world soccer which Americans use is slang for association football 
I agree, when I say football normally I refer to Soccer 
There is a version of soccer where three teams go against each other instead of two. 
I can only imagine how difficult that will be. I still prefer the normal two team game. world cup is in 2022 btw
interesting, Mesut ozil donated his world cup victory bonus to help 23 kids in Brazil to receive surgeries 
such a Nobel act. Ronaldo 7 also have done a share of contributions. 
lets talk about K-pop next, there is a k-pop boy band that is managed by Jackie Chan
South Korea blasted a hit k-pop responding after one of their ships was sunk by south korea in 2010
Yes, the song was called 'hit your heart' and they used large military speakers 
the most popular k-pop girl band in North korea is Moranbong band
There have been popular K-pops bands that where popular in the US also, back in the 1960s there where three young women who were popular 
back to Soccer, Qatar is preparing to hold the world cup for 2020
and talking about the world cup, the city hosting in Qatar does not exist yet and I think its 2022
You are correct I meant 2022. It sure will be so hot for the players and humid
The US won 3rd place in the first world cup back in 1930
yah those days are gone when they played better
when a country host there ends up being no net economic gains for them. 
Do you know how old Tom Wolfe was when he passed away?
Yeah, he was 88.
I know he wrote a bunch, but how many really popular novels was he responsible for?
I think he wrote 4 popular novels
There's something called the First Law of Wolfe Fiction.    What was that?
That was Wolfe's idea that in order to have a good novel you had to have good reporting.
Interesting.    I guess the first book of his I read was "Bonfire of the Vanities".    Do you know when that was published?
I believe it was published in 1987.
That was quite awhile before that Atlanta-based novel of his.    I forget the title of it.    Do you know?
Oh, I remember that one! It was A Man In Full.
That's it!     He lost the National Book Award that year though.    Do you know what work won it?
Yes, it was Charming Billy.
I like Wolfe's novel better.     I also like his final book,   "Back to Blood".    Which city does it take place in?
I remember it being set in Miami, Florida.
I often wonder how Wolfe would've dealt with a Cyborg in one of his novels.      Even Edgar Allen Poe wrote of one once.
I feel like his take on a Cyborg would have been a bit off, because he wouldn't be able to go and research that as well.
Perhaps so.     Maybe he could've used that wiki which ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities.
I feel like if he was still around writing he would be a big user of wikis.
Probably so.    I would like to see someone adapt one of Wolfe's novels for comedy film.
Yes, it would interesting to see Back to Blood adapted into a comedy film.
Thanks for the chat!    I think I will go read some Literature now!
I enjoyed the chat! I will as well.
I'll leave you on this.     Remember that the FDA once burned six tons of literature!
do you know much about the US Senate?
I know some stuff. Did you know that Fred ROgers was the guy that continued the funding of PBS?
WOw cool. They had a gavel for 165 years before Nixon cracked it
Wow too bad. Do you know why Truman was elected VP under Roosevelt?

I have no idea, there was a particular reason for that?
Yes he was so good he figured there is a lot of corruption within senate and saved billions 
WOw that is so cool, he really deserved the spot then
Yeah. Do you know which senator has the record in fillibusters?
I have no idea, someone did a long one?
Yes it lasted for over 24 hours and THurmond spoke non stop
Wow he must have been exhausted when that was over
Yeah I bet so too and I wonder what he talked about really

Me too. DO you vote all the time?
Yes I sure do. Did you know a chimpanzee once ran and got almost half a million votes in Rio de Janiero?
Wow amazing. The astronauts vote from space
SO cool. JFK voted against the civil rights act in '57

Wow that is sad. In the UK not all men were allowed to vote until 1918
I wonder if that had anything to do with social status back then
Maybe, you make a good point there. In Alabama, one third of the black male population cannot vote
WOw I wonder if that is related to the felony laws that are in place

That could be it. Nice chat here
Do you watch much tv?
Some, although I read a lot as well.    A fan of Tom Wolfe.
Isn't he dead?  I think he died at the age of 88.
Yes, he was known for his writing and his white suits!
White suits!?  Isn't he from the Bronx?  Wrong place to be wearing a white suit.
Perhaps so.    The Bonfire of the Vanities is a great novel!
Never read it.  Did watch the movie though.  But that has been awhile.  The book came out, I believe in 1987, the movie some time later.  Didn't that have Tom Cruise in it?
I think so.    The movie isn't really representative of the book.    Makes me glad they didn't do one for "A Man in Full".
How so?  Never read that book either. I like to watch movies and TV.  One of my favorite shows was 3rd Rock from the Sun.  Remember that one?
Sure.    It won a golden globe over shows like Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier.
I loved the Tom, Dick, and Harry name play.  Comedy is one of the oldest genres of film.
Perhaps so, but Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement in that field!
Bill Murray a comedic god.  Loved Caddyshack! Ryan Stiles actually dropped out of school to become a comedian.
That's ironic.    Demetri Martin chose to go into comedy instead of Harvard Law!
That's a good thing!  Last thing this world needs is another lawyer!  LOL
Then again, the law has a lot in common with Bromantic comedies.
Yeah... the law and movies like the Hangover, and Harold and Kumar have so much in common. SMH!
Fiction is often stranger than truth.    It is all about powers and abilities.
Now that's what law is common with... fiction. Neither are based strictly on history or fact! LOL
Julius Caesar was a fan of government, the law and fiction.
Julius Caesar was a fan of a failed government.  The was no law and he used fiction as a way to get away from reality.  George Martin despises fiction and I can see why.  Not a big fan.
Fair enough, as long as one doesn't go the FDA route and burn tons of literature!    Have a good one!
Hello, did you know that in the 1950's a judge apparently tried to ban a science fiction comic book because it had a black character as it's feature character?
No, I had no idea.  Did you know that George RR Martin despises fan fiction, saying it is a bad exercise for aspiring writers. My son writes a lot of fan fiction.  
No I didn't know that, what is Fan Fiction?  I've never heard of it.
It's ficitional stories based on whatever you're a fan of.  Like my son is a fan of star wars so he writes stories based on the characters.  
Oh that's great!  I enjoyed all of the Star Wars movies also, what is your favorite kind of movie or book?
I enjoy fiction books, and some self help books.  I love horror movies.  Did you know that Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fiction.  
I did not know that, I love horror movies also. I see that Wikipedia has a page that ranks all fictional characters according to their abilities/powers, that would be interesting to read!
I am going to have to look that one up.  I am sure there is a wikipedia page for everything. I didn't know that Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Hercules and Oedipus in his youth.  Guess fan fiction has been around really long time.  
That is very interesting about him writing that when he was so young, I didn't know that. I would actually like to try writing a little fan fiction as well, It would be hard to decide which series to write about though.  
What are some of your favorites?  My son writes on a fan fiction site.  
Just about anything really, that is well written and has good acting, My favorite is horror.  I din't know there was sites like that, I will have to look at them. I see that the show 3rd rock from the sun, a comedy back in the 90's actually won the golden globe award in 1997, beating out Seinfeld, Friends and Frazier.  That's hard to believe.
That is very hard to believe.  I didn't like that show at all.  And to beat out Friends, Seinfeld and Frasier?!  CRAZY! Never would have guessed.
I didn't like the show as well, I loved Seinfeld and Frasier, never really watched Friends until the reruns started playing.  My favorite show on tv is Criminal Minds, what is your favorite TV show?
My favorite tv shows are Survivor, Walking Dead, This is Us.
I really enjoy Survivor, Amazing Race and Big Brother.  I'm just starting to watch the Walking Dead on Amazon Prime, it's really good.  I haven't watched This is Us, but iv'e seen it advertised.  I see that comedian Demetri Martin was actually accepted into Harvard Law, but left due to boredom! Now he's a comedian.
I don't know who that is.  Did you know that there is a genre of movies called bromantic comedies like the hangover and pineapple express?  That is funny.
I had never heard of him either. I'm glad to see the guys finally being openly "Bromantic".....lol.  It's a quality to be proud of.  Don't know why it was always made fun of, when men were sensitive or had "feelings".  
That is so true.  I wish my boyfriend was more sensitive and could express his feelings.  UGH he says men are not suppose to be that way.  Whatever.  Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue comedy, he's on Who's line is it Anyway? right?
Yes I think he is on that show.  I see that in 1912 to 1952 Architecture, literature, painting, music and sculpture were actual Olympic Events....wow!
Wow!  I always thought the oympics were just sports.  The FDA burned six tons of literature in an act of US Censorship.  That's horrible.
That is horrible!  Horrible considering all of the trees that were cut down to make that paper for the literature, and then it was just burned!  Our poor environment.
hi how are you? do you like shoes?
I'm doing well thanks. I love shoes. They offer a form of protection and comfort but are also used as decoration fashion.
yes, i am quite partial to shoes. i wear them frequently, both for comfort and fashion. i think that they are a great invention.
Yeah no doubt. I also think it's kind of funny how much shoes can vary in cost. From sandals to high-end fashion shoes.
yeah, i heard that there are some old shoes that are much better than the ones made these days.
Oh yeah. Isn't it crazy to think that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Must have had more durable material.
I bet they were well made because they had to last. one pair for your whole life. LOL
Yeah that is pretty cool. Another good trick is putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags because they absorb the unpleasant odor.
does that work? my shoes can get pretty stinky. maybe two or three bags? LOL
Ha ha yeah that might just work. There was an NFL wide receiver named Steve Smith who left his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness for homeless people without shoes.
that is a great gesture, to help people that we often forget about. i think more athletes should do that.
Agreed. I wish more players did that. There is an NBA player who promoted a line of shoes that retail that $15 he was not paid to endorse them. That is very rare.
i wonder if those shoes were any good. why only 15 dollars? seems low.
It is hard to believe shoes costing that cheap. Hopefully ballet shoes are cheap because the dancers go through 4 pairs per week!
i would probably go through a dozen a week. i am a terrible dancer! LOL
Haha me too. I am a huge proponent of voting. Not all men could vote at one time in the UK in 1918.
I wonder what the restriction was. men that had to fight and die for their country could not vote? seems wrong.
Yeah it seems very wrong. Even astronauts vote from space!
i guess they have to be allowed to vote. I wish that the govt made more of an effort for other votes. Anyway, great chat!
Yes me too. People vote for eveything even renaming their garbage dump in Austin, TX lol. Nice chatting with you too. Have a good one.
Nice chatting with you too! Have a good day.
Bye!
do you like fictiob?
I love it.  THere is a wiki pages where you can find the characters ranked based on their powers
Yeah that is super cool. DO you know who Edgar Allen Poe was?

Yeah he wrote the oldest example of a cyborg in fiction
Yeah. Caesar also wrote fiction of Hercules
Yeah as well as Oedipus when he was young
Yeah. Did you know a judge once tried to ban science fiction?
Yes oly because the novel had a black character
Yes that is so sad but I guess it was the 50s
True. DO you know why George RR MArtin does not like fiction?
Yeah he said that t is is a copyright infringement
Yeah. Do you like comedies?
I love them. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?
Yes I have like the movie Hangover, they are too hillarious
Yes they are indeed. Have you ever seen 3rd rock from the sun?
I have. Did you know it won a golden globe for best comedy in 1997?
Yes and it beat Friends, Steinfeld and Frasier, amazing
I know right? DId you know Demetri Martin dropped out of Harvard Law to pursue a career in comedy?
Yeah but he did well, and so did Ryan Stiles
True. DO you like literature?
I love it. DId you know the FDA once burned tons of books?
Hi, how are you?
I am good. How are you?  Do you like pandas?  I've heard that panda researchers wear panda costumes to work.
What?! That's a strange work uniform. I guess the pilgrims would approve. They wore colorful clothing, not just white and black.
That is so bizarre!  Every time you see pilgrims in movies and tv they seem to always be dressed in black.
A sober, dour people in film, but rather colorful in real life. I guess people think they're like the Amish. I didn't know that Apple had a line of clothes in the 80s. What?!
I didn't know that either. You'd think you'd see some apple clothing for sale on ebay or something.
A collector's item. I bet it wouldn't be made in North Korea.
Oh i know what you are talking about there. I've heard about that. They have a clothes line but the labels say made in China.
That's pretty sneaky of them. I think there is some sort of embargo or sanctions on North Korea. Not supposed to do business with them.
You're probably right about that.  Have you heard that 5000 year old shoes are way better than any made today?
Nowadays everything is throwaway. Couldn't throw away shoes back then and buy a new pair. Had to last a lifetime!
True enough.  Nowadays ballet dancers go through 4 pair of shoes in a week.
I wonder how they would do with those 5000 year old shoes.
I imagine just one a week!  I wonder if those old shoes smelled?  There's all kinds of products these days for shoe odor such as dry tea bags.
But what kind of tea? Earl grey? Darjeeling? Ballet dancers can be quite picky about the tea varieties.
After worrying over what kind of tea you have to worry over what kind of shoe.  If you go high end they are made with expensive materials.
It's a tricky balance between shoe cost and tea bag cost. I'm not savvy enough to reckon the calculation. 
Haha!  You know what I think is nice? I think it's nice that some football player leaves his shoes on the field after a game to make people aware of the homeless without shoes.
I hope that people recognize the gesture. Many of us are lucky in ways that we don't know. 
I hope people notice.  HIs name is Steve Smith. I think he should have reporters mention it during post game.
Well, I enjoyed chatting with ya!
Nice chatting with you as well!
Are you into comedy films?
Yes, I do,  I like all forms of comedy films. 
Which is your favorite, do you like bill murray?
He is one of my favorites! He has made so many funny movies!
For sure, he said kung fu hustle was the best comedy film, have you seen that?
No, that's something I haven't seen. I bet its good! The first movie I saw him in was caddyshack. lol 
That was such a great movie, I liked his cameo in Zombieland lol! Did you ever watch 3rd rock from the song in the 90s?
Very little, I knew it won a Golden Globe though!
For sure, they beat out Seinfeld of all shows in 1997. I watched a little also, never understood it
Yeah, It had a hard time keeping my attention. But, I loved Frasier and Seinfleld!
For sure, all great shows. Did you ever watch Green Lantern the movie?
No miss that, Do you know who took Jack Blacks place?
I think it was Ryan Reynolds. The movie would have been way better with Ryan Reynolds in it! What do you think?
Did you mean way better with Jack Black? I like them both. They both make me laugh!  I loved Ryan Reynolds in Best Friends! A Christmas classic!
lol for sure! Do you read any good books?
I love to read. I find it so relaxing when I can find the time. My favorite place is on the beach under an umbrella! lol
Man that sounds so good right now. It is -20 degrees where I am right now, lol. I like books with romantic kissing
Really, Apparently its a recent development! lol Winston Churchill won the Nobel prize not for peace but for literature. 
you're right, ancient greek never wrote about it. That is so interesting about Churchill, I would never have guessed that, great chatting with you!
Yes, you too! I wonder how many medals we won in the Olympics for painting and sculpture? Have  good night!
I wonder too, lol! Bye!
Hi, have your heard of J.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes I have. I haven't read any of his literature. I have watched the moveis The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings though that are based off of hisworks.
Ok, I have seen Lord of the Rings as well. I didn't realize he was a poet though or a professor.
I definitely did not know he wasa professor. There was actually supposed to be a sequel to Lord of the Rings that J.R.R. Tolkien wrote, but after 13 pages he abandoned it.
I bet it would have been good if he had finished it. I guess it makes sense he was a close friend of C.S. Lewis.
That's really interesting. I wonder why Tolkien was appointed a Commanderof the Order of the British Empire by the Queen at the time.
He was probably well liked by the Monarch. 
What kind of literature do you like to read?
I like modern fiction best though I would love to read the novels written for the annual contest where writers come up with the worst possible opening sentence.
Literature was an Olympic event from 1912 from 1952. That might have been interesting to observe as well.
True. I find it interesting that the fda burned 6 tons of literature because of censorship.
Yes, I wonder what it was that they thought they had to censor.
Me too. Winston Churchill won a nobel prize for literature in 1953.
Do you like to read literature that has elements of comedy?
Yes I love to laugh and love comedy. 
The origins of the term comedy are found in Ancient Greece.
I can believe that. Did you know that comedy central has cancelled more than 100 shows since it started in 1989?
No, I wonder why that is. Political satire is still big today. In Athenian democracy, voters' opinions were influenced by political satire performed by comic poets.
Yeah the political stuff is mostly funny though it does alienate audiences on occasion.
I think it also has a lot of influence in the modern era on voters.
True! Good chat!
Nice to talk to you. I think I'm going to unwind with some light comedy shows right now.
Sounds like a plan!
Are you have fan of Star trek?
I love Star Trek. I grew up watching The Next Generation and DS9, then later watched The Original Series. How about you?
Same here. Have you by chance watched the new Star trek discovery on CBS online. 
I haven't because I didn't hear many positive reviews about it. Have you watched it?
Many i love it. the two main characters are two of my favorite tv actresses. one is from walking dead and the other is Chinese and she played in crouching tiger hidden dragon.
I didn't know that! Maybe I should give watching it a shot. I heard that the supporting cast was pretty good, but the main characters were lacking, so it's refreshing to hear an alternate view.
Yeah check it out for yourself very nice plot into the next season as well. But i am a fan of the originals though. 
Do they link Discovery to any of the originals with old characters or recurring enemies?
Im telling you your going to love it, i don't want to give anything away and its online so you can watch the first season in it's entirety. do you watch Netflix?
I have a Netflix subscription ever since I cut the cord on cable. So much cheaper! Is Discovery available on Netflix?
I don't believe so but you can watch it on cbs.com. You know the reason why Reed hasting created Netflix?
Just guessing based off personal experience - was it because cable was too expensive?
No it was because he had a late fee from blockbuster if im nit mistaken. 
I was close! It was about money after all. I wonder how much he's earned since he got inspired by that late fee.
Well they have 137 million total subscribers worldwide and 58.46 million in the US alone. 
Wow! I've heard they're worth something like $2 billion, too. That would pay a lot of late fees, haha.
That's for sure! From 9AM to 12Am Netflix accounts for 33% of the bandwidth in north america.  
That's crazy. How much bandwidth must they take up during their peak hours during the day?
Well them and Youtube take up half the peak hour traffic in north america. 
That's amazing to think about. Now that it's expanded internationally, it's just going to grow bigger, too.
Yeah im sure blockbuster is kicking themselves for not purchasing it for a mere 50M. nice chatting with you.
Nice chatting with you too. I'll definitely check out Star Trek Discovery!
Do you watch Netflix?
Hi! I do watch and love Netflix. I'm proud to say I'm one of the reasons Netflix accounts for 33% of all of North America's bandwidth from 9pm to 12am. Ha! What about you?
Me too, I am currently watching it right now lol. Did you ever watch Lilyhammer?
I can't say that I have. But I have watched Star Trek. In fact, I think it's funny that William Shatner and Carrie Fischer had a Star Trek vs Star Wars fued going on that George Takei tried to mitigate!
lol I never knew that. Lilyhammer was Netflix's first original show
That is awesome! Netflix has certainly come a long way over the years. And now today, both YouTube and Netflix account for half the peak internet traffic in north America! That is wild, isn't it?
I bet it does lol! Did you ever hear how Netflix started?
I heard it was because Reed Hastings racked up a $40 late fee with Apollo 13 on VHS, right? It's a good thing that happened. Ha!
yep it was apollo 13 at blockbuster. Now Reed is laughing to the bank lol.
Agreed! And even more humiliating, Blockbuster had a chance to buy Netflix for $50 million and today, the company is worth $2 billion. That's kind of sad. Blockbuster missed out big time!
ouch, they missed out huge! I heard Netflix is like 21 billion dollars in debt because of all their new content. I think it will be paid off quickly though
Hopefully so! I do know they also spend 20 times more on postage than bandwidth as well. I wonder if that could be a reason why they're so far in debt as well?
that is a good point, I wonder how many people actually get dvds delivered to them still. I wonder how much more money they could make if China was able to stream it
That is a good question! But not just China, also Syria, Crimea and North Korea. They already have 137 million subscribers, I can only imagine how many million more they'd have if Netflix was available in those countries!
right, I mean China has like the most people on this planet lol! Oh well, maybe some day. Back to your shatner comment before, are you a star wars or star trek fan
I'm probably more Star Trek. Ha! One of the reasons why is because Stephen Hawking is the first and only person to portray himself in the Star Trek universe!
Interesting, I never really watched Star Trek. I feel there were so many different versions, but I will definitely check it out
There definitely is! Are you also a fan of science fiction by chance? I am and I've been wanting to read Starship Troopers since it's the first Sci-Fi novel to make the reading lists of three US military branches! It must be a great book!
I read it, it was great. It was nice seeing the movie after to get the graphic effect. I recommend it! It was so nice chatting with you!
I'll definitely have to check it out! On a similar note, I love how NASA actually has a list of space technology terms for writers to use in science fiction stories. That is very nice of them! Well it was nice chatting with you as well! Hope you have a great evening, friend!
That is awesome! Enjoy your evening too!
Reading about shoes, did you know that dry tea bags absorb odors in smelly shoes?
Yes, I thought that was interesting as well.  My son is an athlete and has smelly shoes.
Well then maybe that could help. Steve Smith leave his cleats after each game to raise awareness of homelessness. I did not know that either but I do not follow sports.
Steve Smith retired a few years ago and I remember hearing about that.  It is not well known, but I like that he is raising awareness.
Yes, it is a topic that needs awareness, so many people don't see the problem. I can not imagine spending thousands of dollars on one pair of shoes.
I can't either, but it is capitalism at is best or worst.  People can make a lot of money and have the right to spend it as they wish.
Yes they can. Personally I would want to help others. .Imagine the Rip curl clothing company makes clothing in N Korea but the tags say China.
I'm surprised. I have a Rip Curl swim shirt so I'm not too happy to support that company.  
I was surprised to hear that as well. I will have to research that more. Apple had a clothing line in 1986, I did not know that either.  
I didn't know that about Apple as well.  I don't remember seeing any Apple branded clothing back then.  I find it interesting that there is a store in Alabama selling unclaimed baggage from airports.
No I do not recall seeing Apple clothing then either. I also found the store in Alabama selling unclaimed baggage. I would guess they have to wait  some before getting this from airports but I do not know. 
I'm surprised it is only in Alabama.  Why Alabama?  You would think there would be stores in all states.
I was thinking the same thing. Perhaps it will catch on in other areas.  think it is great how Johnny Depp travels with his jack sparrow costume so he can visit kids in hospitals. 
It is good that Johnny Depp does that.  You hear negative news about him, I'm glad he helps sick kids in that way.
Absolutely, it is always good to hear something positive. Especially when the media focuses on the negative so much. How about a job wearing a Panda costume to research Pandas? 
That is interesting about Panda researchers.  I wonder what the reason is for them to do that.
Maybe it has something to do with not wanting the Pandas to get used to humans or perhaps the researchers think the Pandas will act different.Sean bean is scared of flying, so am I lol.  
Flying is the safest form of travel.  I travel for work so I fly all the time.  There was a Jodie Foster movie where Sean Bean is a pilot so that is ironic.
Wow, that is very interesting that you travel for work! Interesting about the movie with Sean Bean doing a movie as a pilot but yet it says he is afraid of flying. You just never know. Maybe he changed his feelings for flying over time.  
I prefer not to, but do enjoy visiting new cities and countries.  I doubt any of the scenes was shot while flying for Sean Bean.  Interesting to read about facts about people.
It must be wonderful seeing other countries and cities. I love to learn about other places and people but I do it only by reading and listening to others who have gone traveling. Be safe in your travels 
Nice chatting with you.  God bless.
Hi do you like fashion?
Hi, I'm very into shoes and clothes, actually. I like basic sneakers, but it seems like the less typical types still get more attention. For example, there are Wizard of Oz-inspired shoes that use GPS to guide you home when you click your toes together.
Hi, wow shoe with GPS, that sounds like too much! I would like to get a 5000 year old pair of shoes. they do perform better than new ones!
Or maybe some of the original high-heeled shows worn by Persian cavalry soldiers in the 9th century.
Poor guys.. Maybe Il'l just stay with sandals, low cost, a simple sole and a strap.
Yes, high fashion shows costing hundreds or thousands of dollars seem unnecessary to me.
That is true! I learned a good tip for smelly shoes.. put dry tea bags inside them will absorb the odor!
That's interesting! Another tip is to pay someone to break in your shoes to make them comfortable the way Queen Elizabeth does.
Wow, I wish I could do that. LOL... Did you know how many pairs of pointe shoes ballet dancers use in a week!
I'm sure it's a lot, since they're put under so much stress. Did you know that Bill Nye actual holds a patent for a type of pointe shoes?
I did not know! They can  use up to 4 pairs of pointe shoes! isn't that  a lot?
Sounds like Bill Nye made a solid invention investment, then! Another invention is actual asbestos clothing; the Greeks made it and it was almost as valuable as gold, at least until they figured out that asbestos costs outweigh its benefits.
That is lots of creativity! Did you know  had a clothing line?
Who did? I do know that a bulletproof clothing mogul actually shoots his employees to test and quality control his product, which seems a bit extreme.
Wow I meant Applehad a clothing line back in 1986... about the bulletproof test, that is totally crazy!
I guess they still have a chance to get into wearable tech, although it doesn't seem like their watches are as hot of an item as they used to be. Some people like tradition; for example, there's an African tribe that still wears Victorian clothes after having adopted them when they were introduced by German occupiers.
That is cute! I would love to see that! I found something interesting about a peculiar store in Alabama
Oh really? Is it more interesting than people who used Old Faithful as a natural laundry machine?
LOL, we are finding all sorts of crazy things! Well this store sells stuff found in unclaimed baggage in airports!
That's terrible! I guess some people just get tired of waiting, so at least it's not going to waste in the airport. Once a man wore 70 items of clothing in a Chinese airport to avoid the baggage charge, although I guess he also could've been worried about them ending up lost haha
That is a little extreme but at least he tried hahaha to avoid the charges. Well it was a nice chat, have a good one
Hello how are you?  Do you like rock music? Viktor tsoi kept his job in the boiler room of his apartment even after becoming the biggest rock star in russian history
I do like rock.  I had a friend who had a night job in a boiler room.  He did not have to do anything but listen for an alarm.  He did his homework, so that is a pretty easy job.  Paid to do nothing
Thats awesome!  The state rock song of oklahoma is "do you realize?" by the flaming lips
I am from Oklahoma originally.  I had no idea.  That must have been an amusing day in the state legislature.
Yeah! Rock band whitesnake has had over 50 members throughout its history; so many that the list has its own wikipedia page.
The group was a style as much as a group.  Old time gospel quartets changed members from time to time also.
Thats a lot of turnover! 
I agree.  Something must have been wrong with the financial shares for the members.
A hanson song became a most requested track on a chicago alt-rock radio station because djs did not reveal the band
That is a riot.  People would have been embarrassed to know they were listening to Hanson.
Sonic the hedgehog was originally supposed to be a member of a rock band and have a blond haired human girlfriend named madonna
I am surprised at how normal some rockers are.  However, they tend toward drugs much more than others.  None of the Beatles could read music.  That is strange.
Thats crazy!  The beatles have the best selling album of the 2000's
Their music is excellent even though their particular renditions of it are not as good as that of many later performers. You can go if this finishes it for you.  Bye
I don't think it will let me finish yet.  lol.  Did you know The beatles song "come together" was written for timothy leary's 1969 california governor campaign
No.  I did not.  I apologize for the bad advice.  Imagine having to stop touring because your amplifiers can't make you music louder than the screaming.
Wow..  Thats unreal,  or a musicians dream.  The fan love them lol Beatles drummer ringo starr was illiterate for most of his childhood because he missed three years of school due to tuberculosis and peritonitis
I know that only agent 1 can hit the 'done' button.  So, how about a ballet dancer wearing out 4 pairs of shoes in a week?
Its not lit up yet.  I didn't know that,  that seems like a lot of money on shoes1
I know.  However the material in those shoes seems flimsy.  How about Michael Jackson owning a patent?
Been good talking to you! 
Did you know the state rock song of Oklahoma is do you realize?
No idea.  and never knew that Elvis Costello was considered punk rock.
Another interesting thing is Whitesnake had over 50 members in its history.
ah Loved Whitesnake.  Love that Led Zep never named their 4th album just to mess with the rock press who they hated.  ZOSO was a symbol on it...  haha
And I like that Sonic the Hedgehog was supposed to be a rock band. That is my sons favorite game.
that's cool.  wonder why termites eat through wood 2 times faster when rock music is on.  if had termites at my house it would be rubble.  
Lol. And did you know Tupac danced ballet in high school. Wonder what his rapper friend thought of that.
that's cool.  i don't think we realize how talented and hard working song artist are.  a lot of pop singers have opera training early on.
That is interesting. I did not know Bruce lee was a dancer and won the cha cha championship in 1958 in Hong Kong
wow.  i never realized that the Beatles broke up before any of them turned 30.  we think of them as so iconic and mature.  guess not
And I did not know Ringo Starr was illiterate for most of his childhood
indeed.  i'd like to find that webcam at Abbey Rd to see people stopping traffic to take recreation photos.  funny
It is strange as famous as the Beatles were they could not read music
thats crazy  I am not sure anyone could get away with that now.  the Beatles used the word LOVE in their songs 613 times.
That is a lot of times to use the word love. And it is crazy they stopped touring because the amplification couldn't handle the women screaming
yeah rock n roll exploded in the 50's.  so much that the grammy awards were invented to take attention away from it.
Did you know professional ballet dancers go through 3 pairs of pointe shoes in a week
i believe it!  i just saw that there are ballet slippers that make drawings from the dancers movements too.
And the beatles have the best selling album of the 2000's. Didn't they stop recording together way before that?
ha  i believe so.  Beatle Mania lives on!
I think it is neat that michael jackson had a patent on his leaning move
cool.  he couldn't patent the moon walk because it was done by a tap dancer named bill bailey in 1955!
I never would have guessed that professional ballerinas go through so many shoes.
That's nuts. I wonder what they do with them after the fact. Seems like a waste to toss that many .
Agreed. Ballerina shoes are pretty things aren't they? I guess they are always ripping tears in them.
Maybe Stephon Marbury can bring his Starbury line back with recycled ballet slippers.
Maybe. The thing that actually stuck out to me most in these sections was the Johnny Depp thing. Is that actually true? Are people still that big of a fan of the Jack Sparrow character? LOL
I feel like that's probably true like 5 years ago. It seems like something he would have done before he hit a wall and lost his way. Who doesn't love Jack Sparrow!!
Never seen any of the Pirates movies so I guess I don't love Jack Sparrow LOL I do like Johnny Depp though. Other than the panda researcher thing his costumes are the only interesting thing in that costume section. Well, maybe Labyrinth but I have not seen that movie either...
If you've ever got time on your hands Pirates is great mind numbing fodder. Can't take it too seriously though, too much eyeliner. The panda thing actually made me laugh out loud. The mental visual is too much.  I wonder how long they hang out in the jungle in a panda suit? It's got to be soooo hot.
The panda thing makes me uncomfortable. Like you said, being in the heat or even worse with terrible humidity. I guess pandas feel threatened or scared by humans or something.
That's major commitment to research. I commend them for that. It kind of creeps me out that the cast of Firefly has to wear used costumes...
Firefly was that show with one season correct? I had no idea anyone in that show would wear costumes. I assumed they were just blandly dressed actors like every other show.
I've never seen it. It just seems weird to wear stuff that other people sweat in.
I never watched it either. Surely they washed them a few times. Are starship troopers a Star Trek thing?
Starship Troopers I've seen. It's this really bad late 90's Sci-Fi movie with Casper Van Dien,denise Richards and Doogie Howser.
That sounds awful. Doogie Howser MD? Oh, and going back to sweat for a minute you could always step into the sweat from the gods if you wear the 5000 year old shoes.
It's pretty brutal. The cheese factor is on another level... Kind of like 5000 year old toe cheese of the gods...See what I did there?
Like Howard the Duck? 5000 year old toe cheese makes me hungry.
Wooooooooow! Howard the Duck! That is some serious old school cheese, but yes, it's totally on that level!!! Cheese is always a great snack. Especially if it's spicy
What cheese is spicy? Pepperjack? LOL
Pepperjack, Habanero Havarti... I like to chop up Jalapenos and mix it in cream cheese and use it as filling for jalapeno poppers. Now I'm hungry.
I have no idea what Habanero Havarti is. Now I want to go eat a stuffed pepper and watch crap movies instead of being on the internet LOL
Sounds like plan to me! It was great chatting with you!!
Same to you!
:)
Do you like comedies? 
I do! What's your favorite comedy? 
I'm a fan of Bill Murray, what about you? 
He's pretty funny. He thinks kung fu hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy. 
I liked him in Groundhog day. 
I haven't seen that one yet. Do you like to read?
Sometimes I read, but not as often as I used to. 
Me too. Life just gets so busy sometimes it's hard to find time for a book. Do you like any of J.R.R Tolkiens books?
I've never read any of them, are they any good? 
He wrote the hobbit and lord of the rings books. I've read of few of them and seen some of the movies. They are pretty good.
Interesting, I think I've seen a few of the movies. Apparently all of the names are lifted from a Viking Text. 
He apparently wrote 13 pages of a sequel called the new shadow but abandoned it. I wonder why?
I'm not sure. Did you know the FDA burned six tons of literature? 
That's crazy. In greek literate there was no romantic kissing as it is a recent development.
Interesting, I wonder how recent? 
Me too. Kissing is kind of strange concept if you think about it too hard.
There was once a contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. 
I wonder what some of them said. I'm sure some of them were pretty funny. 
Yeah they probably were. Winston Churchill won a nobel prize in literature. 
That's interesting. Painting was an Olympic event in 1912.
I can believe that. Sounds like it would be cool to watch. Nice chatting with you. 
Hello,  do you watch star trek?
I love it. I grew up on the older shows like the original series and The Next Generation. What about you?
I dont really watch it.  I have seen a few episodes though.  I recently learned some stuff about it.  Like, teleportation was used because it cost too much to get shots of spaceships landing lol 
Really? Ha, to think it set off such a trend in science fiction of teleportation devices. I bet they made a lot of money on that money-saving decision.
I know right,  and who ever thought of that was so creative,  just to save money!!!  Amazing!
It's pretty amazing how big the franchise has grown too. I doubt Gene Roddenberry ever knew how big his original TV show idea would grow.
I hear stephen hawking  is the only one to play themselves in star trek. 
He earned it with his amazing scientific research. I didn't know he'd been in Star Trek, though. I wonder which of the series he was in. There were so many!
Do you watch netflix?
I have a subscription, but I don't watch it much. Do you?
Yeah I use it a lot.  Love the service.  apparently,  they spend more on postage than bandwidth lol 
That's surprising. It must be worth it, though, considering they're worth over $2 billion now.
Yeah,  I cant believe Blockbuster turned down an offer to buy them.  I remember them starting their own service,  obviously it failed. 
Blockbuster made the same mistake a few companies have, turning down a chance at the online market and not realizing that everyone is going digital.
Yeah,   guess a lot of companies misread how much convenience was worth.  The tech boom came around pretty fast. 
Yeah, it was a short leap from science fiction to reality for a lot of newer technologies. I doubt it'll be long before Netflix cuts back on their physical disc rental service and goes solely to streaming.
I agree,  plus its costing them money. 
They probably still make money off the rentals, just not as much as off digital content. If the rentals were an actual negative, they'd have cut them out already.
I hear that Netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america!
Imagine how many people must be tuned in at once! They've gone international too, so I wonder how much it is all across the globe.
Seriously!  That is a lot of people.  Youtube has so much content!  
Google was smart to buy YouTube when they did. It was a much better decision than Blockbuster made about Netflix!
Hello, do you like Star Trek?
Hello. I am not, but I hear Dr. Martin Luther King was really into it. I keep meaning to watch the new one, on CBS. I'm a fan of Sonequa Martin Green, she left The Walking Dead for this new series.
Oh I see. Well Star Trek seems to be influential that the first space shuttle was named after the ship in the series
Was it? I never knew that. I was surprised to hear that King Abullah of Jordan had a non-speaking role on it at one time.
Did not know that, pretty cool. Hawking was the only person that actually portrayed himself in it
Stephen Hawking? That's awesome. He was a great mind. I saw a documentary on him "The Theory of Everything", on Netflix a while ago. I think that's the only thing I watched twice. Well, that and the fireplace.
He was amazing. Speaking of Netflix, do you know how that business got started?
I do not. I do know that they offered Blockbuster the chance to buy the company, and they turned it down.
Yes that was not a smart decision, they could have bought it for only $50 million and make billions now
Very true. I would love to have the job of "tagger" for Netflix. I can watch t.v. all day and tag content.
I would love that too honestly. They spend a lot on bandwidth but still spend even more n postage
Very true. It's fascinating that they monitor the markets in Europe, to see which shows are pirated the most, so they can purchase them.
WOw, did not know that. But it seems now Netflix makes up half of the peak traffic in north america
I believe it. I was watching a movie on it the other night, based on a Bradbury novel. I was surprised to learn that he wrote the script for Epcot's Spaceship Earth.
Cool. Do you enjoy reading science fiction?
I do. Bradbury is a favorite of mine. I recently read Ender's Game. Have you seen the movie?
No I have not actually. But I heard that Starship Trooper is recommended even by military branches
I've never seen it. I think it's interesting that Spock was supposed to be a female character.
Wow, I cannot imagine that. Do you know how the word robotics was coined?
I do not, do you?
It was an accident by Isaac Asimov back in 1941. Thanks for the chat
Hello there, did you know that scientists in Italy do checkups and ice treatments on this man who died 5,300 years ago? Imagine that!
Wow, that is crazy. The emperor of Japan apparently is a scientist and still publishing. What a guy
Really? Two roles for one person - he must be very busy. Another scientist who has two careers would be Harrison schmitt. He is the only scientist to walk on the moon!
That is pretty cool. Good for him. Another scientist was able to divide two 8-digit numbers at the age of 6
I can barely even divide 7. That person must have got into Harvard. Speaking of Harvard, did you know that Harvard Scientists managed to store an animation of a galloping horse onto the DNA of a bacteria? I found that really fascinating.
Wow that is pretty advanced and sound intriguing. Do you know how www was invented?
I believe that it was invented by an english scientist in 1989. That scientist was working in Switzerland. Do you know anymore details on how it was invented? I am really curious to know.
Just a bit like, he was working for CERN which is a European state-funded organization that does research
Really? That is pretty cool. I found it very interesting that a store in Alabama only sells items found in unclaimed baggage at the airport.
THat is something, I would like to check that out at some point. Even Apple had a clothing line back in the day
That is the same as how Amazon used to be an online book retailer. It's hard to imagine how much that they have grown over these few decades.
That is true, they are a giant now. DO you know when pilgrims wear black clothes?
No I did not know that! Furthermore, Rip curl is a company that manufactures in North Korea but labels it as made in China. 
Hahah go figure. DO you know how fashion aficionados can tell if you need your clothes tailored?
Interesting. Speaking of fashion, did you know that British politicians had to wear a top if when they made a point on the House of Commons? This was mandatory up until 1998!
That is strange to me but I guess it worked for them. Do you know how the tipping of the hat originated/.
Did it originate from knights raising their visors in order to show friendliness in the battlefield?
Yes that was it. Do you know which was the most famous hat in the old west?
I am not sure, but I do know that the party hat was derived from dunce caps.
Nice. The most famous one was the bowler cap and not the cowboy hat as we are lead to believe
Ah, so that is what it was. In the past hat's were used to indicate social status. I am glad that we have evolved from that.
I am very glad about that too. Nice chatting!
do u like science
I do...I try to keep up with all thats going on in the science world the best I can
There are scientists who theorize that universes evolve through natural selection much like different species do on earth.
How do you think all this climate change is going to affect the universe as a whole more so than just Earth?
idont believe in it
Do you believe in Newton and Kepler's research work into how the planet works?
no im a flat earthier
Really?  That is interesting. I didn't anyone still had that opinion anymore given all the evidence we have now. 
all of nasa images are cgi there not real and common sense and simple science says its flat
I wish I could get on one of the private space missions and see for myself and maybe see how truly cold a star actually is
im a hardcore Bible believer and according to descriptions given we live inside of a snow globe type structure the ancients jews also believed this
So you agree with the hologram theory then?
i agree with multiple dimensions yes
I myself am not a big believe in the bible, no offense.
thats ok i wont hold it against you lol but i do encourage it because if nothing else there is lots of unknown science in it
I agree with you there. The bible is the worlds best book
 did you know in psalms david described the stars singing but it wasnt until recently our scientist figured it out, and also did you know that when DRs check your blood to find out your diseases its bc one dr learned the Bible said the the life of the flesh is in the blood
I had not realized that until now. I thought it was common knowledge, basic science from prehistoric days
i have alot more but i want get into that im kind of a nerd about these thing
Do you like the old or new testament better?
both are equal thanks have a good day
Hello.  Have you ever heard of Akihito?
The Japanese emperor? Yeah.
I recently learned that he is a scientist and still publishes papers even though he is emperor.
That's cool. He probably viewed having to take on the job of emperor as a burden that kept him from living the way he wanted.
He just might have at that.  Did you know that the term scientist was coined by a theologian and philosopher?
Not until just now. I knew it was called "natural philosophy" until recently, but not who was responsible for the change.
Yeah, William Whewell did it in 1833.  I would have thought someone specializing in science would have come up with it.
I guess a lot of names for things have a lot of weird origins. I wonder who came up with the idea for "Project Steve."
What is project steve?
It's a project of scientists who all support evolution and oppose teaching creationism -- but they have to be named Steve!
Seriously?  How odd!  I think another odd thing as there was only one scientist on the moon.
I guess that stands to reason. I figured they were all career Air Force pilots, given the way the space program recruited.
True. It's a shame though.  I imagine there was a whole host of scientists wanting to go up there.
Yeah. At least the space shuttle made getting into space a lot easier for civilians of all types.
I hope one day it is affordable for all of us. Maybe it'll be like the internet, slow to start but now fast and highly accessible.
Yeah, if they ever build a space shuttle to get people out of earth's gravity well cheaply, space will be accessible to a lot more people.
I'm putting my money on elon musk.  Then again, the internet was invented by an englishman so you never know.
Musk has demonstrated that low cost tech is possible, but I hope that it's open source and p2p projects that actually take the principle and run with it rather than a corporation.
Hmm, i hadn't thought of that.  I'd like that too.  Then Harrison Schmitt won't be the only scientist on the moon.
I remember seeing a science fiction story about an open-source moon project called Open Shot. There was a contest to see who could accomplish the first non-government moon landing and most of the competitors were corporate, but the winner was a spacecraft called the Stallman.
Well a long time ago there was a short lived tv series about a man who built a ship in his backyard and took trips to space.
Have you heard any news about scientists lately?
Something about dna of bacteria being stored in a gif animation. You?
Harrison Schmitt was the only scientist to walk on the moon,  but they are planning to put a base station on the Moon soon.
I wonder how they are going to do that, since no one has been to the moon since the 60's? Maybe the Emperor of Japan knows, as he still publishes papers.
I am not sure, but it was not really that long ago, I mean, The world Wide Web was invented in 1989
It has been almost 60 years since anyone stepped on the moon. Thats a long time. Even by CERN's standards.
Look how far we came in that time, an iphone has more computing power than anything they had back then, we can do it, Apple had a clothing line in 1986 but now is so powerful of a company 
Fascinating. I think it's hilarious that people think that the cowboy hat was most popular in the old west. It was really the bowler.
Cowboy hats are so cool and most people don't know much about them plus. the tipping of a hat goes back to knights raising of their face masks. 
Yes, they did that to show they were friendly.
Exactly,  I bought a really nice hat at the unclaimed baggage store in alabama,  have you ever heard of it or been? 
I have been there. I bought a camera and most of my Mardi Gras outfits there several years ago. It's huge. I even found a vintage Apple sweater.
Wow,  that's a great find. We bought nice luggage there and a computer there
I'm surprised they checked a computer. In 1908, a law was passed, regulating the length of hat pins.
I never thought that suffragettes would use them as weapons, surely they had other options. 
I would have, had I of lived back then. There was zero reasons why we couldn't vote, and some men were very violent towards us. I found out that the hats Bishops wear, are called mitres. That's a weird name.
That is a weird name, I guess it was a lot different back then, until 1998 brittish politicians had to wear a top hat if making an order
People always think that Pilgrims only wore black. They were fashion forward, and only wore it for special occasions.
They were good at making clothes, I like how a coller gap can tell if you get clothes tailored
Only those truly schooled in fashion and style are able to tell that without asking.
The clothes were better back then too, unlike the stuff made in china with a made in korea label
Rip Curl is a north korean label, and is legally  not for sale due to sanctions. So, that hardly qualifies.
Bye, Have a great day!
Thank you, you too
1954 was a long time ago.  A lot had occurred around that time. 
Albert Einstein wrote the letter tow a philosopher in 1954, that went into the public auction in 2008.
I believe the end of WWII was fresh on everyone's mind.  Its interesting that Young Albert was devout.  
Yes, After the second world war we need peace and human should respect human. Love is the greatest gift to man kind.
The letter sold in 2008 for $404,000.  If the letter was written by some one other than Albert it would never have gotten so much.  Vanilla Ice, $1.   Obama, $1,000?
It is very interesting. The post in 1985, Einstein believed in what he called a cosmic religion.
Yes, I do not think that Einstein thought no god at all, but rather a part f the universe that is difficult to understand. I think he was criticizing religious leaders on some points. 
There are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.
You first.  The density of the star would be such that your not getting your hand back.  The observable universe is filled with wondrous things.
There is a region of space that may be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe.
The heliocentric model of the solar system was a bad idea.  Flat earthers go a step to far. We should never have come out of the trees.  If we could travel to this region of space, would you?
Yes I also. The Big bang theory is the prevailing cosmological explosion is the development of the earth.
Well, OK I guess.  I wonder if Albert Einstein charged $1 to sign his $404,000 letter.
The letter showed up again on eBay for an asking price at least $3 million but apparently never sold.
In december of this year, it will be auctioned by Christie's.  They expect $1 million.  If I had a million, there are other things.  Still it would be interesting.
What is that thing ?
The other things?  For a million?  I dont know, experiences are the best. Travel to south America and see the rain forest. The estate of Einstein earns $18,000,000 annually. 
Albert Einstein was asked to be the president of Israel, which he was declined. Do you know ?
I imagine such a presidency would present a moral issue for the man.  He was about fair and equal treatment for people.  He was a member of NAACP.
I think that we would understand each other quite well if we talked about the concrete things.
Yes, E=mc2 and 2 plus 2 equals 5.  Have a good day.
Hi, how are doing this fine evening?
Good, how are you doing?
I'm great! What do you know of the man Albert Einstein?
His estate is still earning over $18,000,000 each year! Nice!
I wonder what they do with the money. He charged $1 to sign his autograph. he donated all this money  to charity.
Hopefully some of it still goes to charity. He was a member of the NAACP.
He was an interesting guy. He wanted to help others. He declined the offer to be president of Israel. I guess he wasn't attracted to power.
A letter that he wrote rejecting God and religion will be placed up for auction.
He probably saw the problems with religion and the divisions that it can create. I wonder what he wrote on the message he put in the time capsule.
I guess we just have to wait a few thousand years to find out! Haha. He said that God is a product of human weakness.
We want to believe that there is a being that looks out for our well being. We hold this belief despite no evidence. I like Jefferson's idea of a Bible without the miracles. 
I do believe in God because I have felt things that cannot be explained. Einstein did however believe that there is a lot in the physical universe that is a mystery. He often wrote of God, but for him, this was the Universe itself.
I probably favor his thinking more than that of religions. Many things are not yet explained, but I worry that people will divide themselves over how they choose to explain the unexplained. It's interesting that  it was not uncommon for students in the US to be required to read from the bible as part of their elementary education.
I agree, it does divide. Einstein did also say that he felt religion was necessary to guide people between what was right and wrong.
Moral decisions are difficult, and it helps to have a well-developed code that can guide a community. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams are the only two us presidents that did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I wonder what ethics they used as their guide.
Hmm, interesting. I wonder too. Einstein believed that people can understand each other quite well if they talk about concrete things.
It's easier to find common ground with the concrete. Physics examines the concrete, yet I think Einstein knew that it was not enough to explain life to human beings.
Yes, there is still disagreemenet even among physicists about where the universe came from.
Not knowing everything keeps life interesting. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
Yes, enjoy life. You only get one! Nice chatting!
Have a good one!
How is your Universe today?
My universe is great how was yours? I'm thankful for the ancient Greeks and Indian philosophers who started to gain knowledge about our universe.
Although they were Geocentric
Yes that's right. More precise observations were made by Copernicus who developed the heliocentric model.
yes, and Isaac Newton built upon his theories developing the law of gravitation
Yes he did as well well as  Tycho Brahe and Johannes Kepplers laws of planetary motion. 
Did you now there are scientists that think the universe evolved through natural selection?
I think that is very interesting to compare our universe to the animals here on earth.
I am a little unclear on the theory as there is only one Universe that we know so how is natural selection involved?
Yes it's based on evidence such as fossils. Another theory suggests that the universe may exist inside a blackhole.
How about the theory there is only one electron in the universe?
Yes I don't understand that theory at all. It is so easy to prove wrong. If you could fold a piece of paper in and half 103 times it would be a thick as the observable universe. Hard to picture that one.
Wow.  What about that is one giant superhologram?
I've actually never heard that one? I don't even understand it really. Apparently the deepest note in the universe is emitted by blackhole, producing a note 57 octaves below middle c.
Whoa....there are stars that are cold enough to touch!
I would love to touch a star. Speaking of cold, there's a cold spot in the cosmic microwave background that has been theorized to be a link to a parallel universe.
Wow, scary.  Einsteins God was the universe itself!
Yes you are right. He was a genius. He released his special theory of relativity at age 26.
Way ahead of his time...passed away in 1955.  Good chat and take care.
Yoda from Star Wars was actually modeled after the appearance of Albert Einstein. Have a great day nice chatting with you too.
Yes, you too.
Hi hows it going?  do you like interesting facts about computers?  I read recently that the space shuttles computer run on like 1mb of ram!  isnt that crazy,  must be a slow computer.
wow that is slow, this says in 1936 the russians made a computer that ran on water, sounds cool actually
Wow thats beyond me,  I have no clue how that would even work lol
no me netiher! also that smoking near apple computers voids the warranty, I know a lot of people at work that wouldn't like to know that
That seem odd that smoking would void the warranty,  so many people smoke!  
I know it's weird! I gues it says i'ts a biohazard, but i've never heard of that with any other product
Just seems weird for a computer warranty lol Did you read that transhumanist want to save their minds on computers?  It sound like an episode of Black Mirror lol 
ha it does, it does sound kind of awesome though, I need to watch that one episode of black mirror I think I've read about it, this says the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck, that seems crazy 
Thats weird,  I never knew that.   I didnt know that freshwater fish drink through their skin,  thats pretty amazing!
nope didn't know that, ,or that saltwater fish drink through their mouth, I wonder if they ever get tired of a salty taste or if they're just so used to it they don't notice haha
lol I wonder if the salt makes their mouth dry?  hahah
haha ya good question! This says 84 percent of human genes associated with diseases have counterparts in zebrafish, we need to get rid of those genes haha
whoa!  thats weird.  Did you know there is a type of jellyfish and a type of lobster that are immortal?  If not killed of course,  but they can literally live foreverrrrr!  
that is weird they need to put those genes inside me somehow haha, or that the black swallower fish can eat prey twice its length, I can eat that much pizza myself
Wow,  you can eat twice your length in pizza?  Thats crazy,  you should be entering in some contest of something!  
haha I should, I would be a GREAT professional eater, the only problem is the weight gain afterwards I'd have to not eat for a week haha
oh thats true!  Gotta go on a diet after every contest lol 
that's the other reason that I need the immortal jellyfish genes inside me, so I can eat my weight in pizza everyday and not die prematurely haha
haha that would be perfect for you!  I have no idea how you would do that though,  i think you need to make friends with a scientist or something lol Go on meetup and join one of those groups. 
haha yes I will develp an immortal jellyfish formula! Jackie chan probably has access to it considering the stunts he does, also he manages a kpop band apparently
Wow thats interesting.  Do you like K pop?
can't say i've ever listened to it no, I should give it a try I do like most music, what about you?
Yeah somewhat.  There is a band called BTS,  they are the most popular k pop band right now,  they were doing a tour around the states,  I keep seeing them on talk shows so I checked out their music,  pretty good.  They have one song with Nikki Minaj too!
wow I actually do like Nicki minaj, I'll have to check them out, this says north Korea has a kpop girl band which is the most popular in the country
Haha right.  hey its been fun chatting,  have a good one! 
hi, do you use the computer a lot?
Hi. Yes I do. I use it basically all day for all sorts of different things. It's hard to believe that computers were originally just calculating devices.
yeah they have come a very long way
They really have. I mean, think about it. The russians have made a computer that runs on water!
that is amazing. and the space shuttle computer runs on only 1 mb of ram
Does it really?  That is very surprising.  It's hard to believe that computers all started from a simple program, a command to a machine.
yeah it is for sure. do yu have an apple or a pc
I have a pc.  I am not real big on apple products.  I've heard they can be problematic. do you have an apple or a pc?
i have an apple. good thing I do not smoke as it would void its warranty
lol! I remember hearing something about that before!  Isn't smoking around an apple considered a biohazard?
yeah it is , I think that is what voids the warranty. crazy
That is crazy.  It's just as crazy as some people hoping to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks.
yeah, not sure how transhumanists are going to do that but it will be interesting to se
I agree.Maybe they should start with something smaller to experiment with first. Something like a fish perhaps.  Then again, maybe they should study jellyfish. There's a breed of them that is immortal.
yeah they have been doing that for a while now but cannot crack their code
Really? i didn't know that!  I guess fish are more complicated than they seem.  I mean, even the way they drink is different.  Fresh water drink by osmosis and salt water through their mouths.
Yeah that is so cool how they have adapted. There are fish that eat prey twice their size.
I wonder how they do they do that.  Now that I think of it, fish do need to be studied more.  The zebra fish has genes that are associated with human diseases.
Yeah, and they are often studies to figure out things about humans, there are lots of studies. 
I like that fish can communicate. They use use acoustic communication which depends on the size and species of the fish.
Yeah that is really cool. nice chat
Have you seen Billy Elliot?
I haven't. I hear it is a musical. Have you seen it?
I have seen the movie at least a dozen times. The musical is playing in Arlington though. 
That's pretty cool! I wasn't aware there was a movie. Do you like to dance?
I do! The dance number's in the musical are supposed to be spectacular, especially "Angry Dance" in Act 1. Dance is a great way to communicate, even outside of musical's.
I'm not great at dancing, but I do like watching people dance. Bruce lee was the hong kong cha cha champion in 1958.
Who knew? Tupac was a dancer as well. He did ballet in high school. He even performed in the Nutcracker.
That's pretty awesome. I believe there's a special part of the brain that takes in music. Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music. I think I read people with memory loss can remember words to songs as well. 
That's crazy! I wonder if I ever forget stuff, if music will help me. Think that's how Elton John remember's all his songs? He has sold over 30 million records.
That's crazy, he is quite the legend. They almost cut Can you feel the love tonight from The lion king. I'm really glad they didn't!
Me too! I love that song. It's probably my second favorite song of his behind Candle In The Wind. 
Yeah, it is definitely one of his best. It went on to win an oscar! I wonder if he will do anything for the new movie? 
I don't know about the movie but I think he does all the music in the musical. It's a Tony winning musical. 
Yeah, it's a pretty amazing musical. He preformed with Ed sheeran at the Grammys because they said Ed was not high profile enough.
Wow! I love Ed Sheeran's music, I would have never guessed that. Did you know Elton John doesn't write all his own music?
Oh yeah? I didn't know that. I guess that's a lot of music to write all on your own.
Apparently, most of his songs were wrote by Bernie Taupin.
Well, hats off to Bernie because he's done a great job too!
I would say! He came across him randomly after he failed an audition for some talent search. 
That's pretty lucky. The song called Your song was given to Elton as an upcoming artist.
He's had a great career. IT was a nice chat!
It was nice chatting with you too!
Do you think you will see the musical now? You should go this weekend!
I'm really thinking about checking it out! I really like musicals!  Have a nice night!
Did you know Bruce Lee was a great dancer and won hong kong's cha-cha championship in 1958?
No, I did not know that, but dancing and martial arts are alike when you think about it. It is about coordinated movements. 
Yes, michael jackson has a patent on a device allowing him to lean extremely in some dance moves.
Yes, there was a peg in the floor and a hole in the sole of his shoes. HE had to patent it so he would be the only one to use it. 
Babies actually spontaneously dance when they hear music and smile when hitting the beat.  How sweet!
Yeah, the appreciation of culture is in our genes it seems every culture has their dance moves and music. 
Elton John was actually born Reginald Kenneth Dwight and worked with lyricist Bernie Taupin since 1967 collaborating on more than 30 albums.
they have met because Elton could not write songs and Bernie could not sing, sometime destiny works. 
Yes, did you know that Can you Feel the love tonight was almost cut from Lion King but John campaigned for it to be left in.  Good thing.
Elton knows about what makes a good song he has 31 years where he had a song in the billboard top 100.
Wow.  He did sell more than 300 million records.
I wonder if he is richer than the prime minister of Australia ? His position is not even in the constitution, his salary must be low. 
Maybe.  The prime minister of uk has a cat, and it has the title of chief mouser, funny huh
Chief mouser ? Tupac was mouse king in the nutcracker, I don't think they would go well together.   
In Japan, the prime minister sends a silver cup to celebrate, but so many turned 100 so they had to find a way to make cheaper cups
They are ceremonial, they don't need to be sturdy, not like pointes for ballet dancers, they can go through 4 pairs in a week. 
A 1995 radio station actually pranked Queen Elizabeth.   I bet they got in trouble.
Do you still listen to radio ? I only listen to streaming service these days. 
Not really, just in the car.  I would listen if Elton John and his song Your Song came on though
How yeah ? Do you still listen to candle in the wind ? 
Sometimes.  Also, sometimes I play it on the piano. Such beautiful music and great tribute to Princess Diana too.  
Good morning! Do you watch dancing on TV?
Good morning!  I used to.  Haven't watched it recently though.  Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer?
I did! I think he is a great singer too! The dance shows have gotten pretty popular. Did you know that micheal Jackson had a patent on a device that helps him do his extreme leans? I always wondered how he did it!
Wow.  I never knew that!  Babies will dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat.
It is so fun to see them doing that too. Music makes us all happy. Tupac danced ballet in high school. Can you imagine? Do you like Elton John? I love that he has picked his own name!
Yes!  Did you know there's a movie coming out about him.  I saw the trailer the other day.  I think it's called Rocket Man.  He's had more that 50 top 40 hits!
Wonderful music! I did see the trailer for his movie. I so want to see it. It looks wonderful. He has worked with the same lyricist since 1967!
It does look good.  ...and yes Bernie Taupin!  They have collaborated on more than 30 albums together!
Isn't that amazing! The grammys thought ed sheeran wasn't popular enough to perform on them. So elton John decided to sing with him on the show. Nice guy,
Yes!  He has sold more than 300 million records!  That's a lot!
Have you heard how Elton John and Bernia Taupin met?
No I didn't.  Do you happen to know?
i do! Elton John went to an audition and failed. When he told them he couldn't write lyrics, they handed him an envelop of Taupin who had failed the same audition!
That's interesting!  What a story of how they came together.  Two failed auditions and but together they made history!  For 31 consecutive years Elton had at least one song in the Billboard Hot 100 list!
Isn't that amazing? He's written songs for other bands too! Who knows how many!
I would be curious to know.  I'll have to look that up.  His breakout hit "Your Song" was originally recorded by the band Three Dog Night, but they didn't release it as a single as they wanted to let Elton have a try with it.
That's wonderful. I remember watching him sing Candle in the wind after Diana died. I'm not ashamed to say it made me cry.
I remember that.  I think everyone got a teary eyed.  The rewritten version of that song for Diana sold over 33 million copies alone!
Elton John has met Kings and the Prime minister thru his music. I look forward to watching the movie. 
Yes.  I'm looking forward to seeing it as well.  Did you know that when you turn 100 in Japan the prime minister sends you a silver cup to celebrate?  That's interesting!
Oh that's cool! I had no idea! 
How's it going, are you a big baseball fan? In Canada they call kickball soccer-baseball
I love baseball. Did you know that managers wear uniforms because they could literally play for their team if they wanted?
I didn't know that was why the wore uniforms but I've heard of Managers playing in games before
Are you a fan of either the Yankees or Red Sox?
Yea I'm a Yankees fans, it's pretty cool they were known as The Highlanders before 1913
So you must've heard about the two Yankees that swapped families? That's a bit weird.
I actually haven't, pretty weird to swap families, I wondered if they nicknamed the team
Ha! Yankee players and fans are an interesting bunch. Bill O'Reilly created a fake press organization in college just so he could get season tickets.
That's pretty smart, too bad O'Reilly's idea wouldn't work nowadays
How do you feel about the Red Sox? Did you know that they're partially owned by the New York Times?
That is quite ironic. It's pretty funny the Red Sox can't win a game on Ben Affleck's birthday, guess hes bad luck
His Patriots seem to be doing just fine though. The Red Sox have still won 9 championships too.
That's not too bad, I never knew there was another Boston team called the red stockings, that city seems obsessed with feet
Yeah, they changed their name because their manager thought red dye was dangerous.
That's pretty odd, did you know the first game at Fenway was against the New York Highlanders?
Who? I remember hearing about them not being able to defend their 1903 championship because the other team didn't want to play
That is strange, I wonder why the New York Giants refused to play the Red Sox in the World Series
Why do you think they did?
I have no clue, maybe the NY Giants lost to them the previous year on bad calls and were protesting
Maybe they were mad that Bobby Richardson won a World Series MVP even though he lost the series
Well I got to go, nice talking with you
Are you a fan of baseball? 
I know a little bit about what is going on, but to say I was a fan would be stretching the truth.
Did you know that in 1973 2 yankees pitchers swapped families? 
Swapped families? Is that some kind of baseball term I'm not familiar with?
No, they switched families. 
That must have made an awkward dressing room.  So who's this lost Yankees player?
Yeah, it seems pretty weird. Did you know a player got suspended for refusing to get a haircut? 
It seems a bit extreme, but I guess I should see his hair before passing judgement.  What I find interesting is that the New York Times owns part of the Boston team.
Yeah, it was Don Mattingly, at the time he played first base. 
I know there is a big rivalry between Boston and New York, it would sacrilege for a New York business to have an interest in a Boston team.
The Red Sox have lost every game on Afflecks birthday since Goodwill Hunting was released. 
I'm aware that Affleck is a big Boston fan, I wonder how he feels about that.  I think, aside from that, his team has done fairly well these past years.
I'm not sure. Did you see the movie Goodwill Hunting? I thought it was good. 
My wife likes it, I have not seen it.  I hear the owners of the Boston team own other sports teams around the world.
Interesting, it wouldn't surprise me, but I'm not sure that it isn't a conflict of interest. 
I suppose as long as the teams don't compete actively with one another it should be fine.
Interesting. Did you know a man found $3 million in baseball cards in his grandfathers attic? 
I should go and visit mine, see if there is anything hidden up there.  Who would have thought some simple cards could be worth so much?
I used to have a baseball card collection, I should check and see what it is worth. 
Do you have an Ozzie Albies card, or is he too new of a player?
No, I don't. I only have cards from the 80s. Nice chatting with you!
Hello. It's odd that baseball managers are also part of the team, and can play if they are needed.
That is very odd indeed! I also find it odd that no player has ever attempted to catch a ball with his hat. But if they do, the opposing team receives three free bases so perhaps that's why. 
That's very weird. So is the term "soccer baseball".
Ha! I've never heard that one before! But I have heard of the Alburquerque Isotopes minor league team that was named after a team in the Simpson's! Ha!
Weirdly, the New York Times are partial owners of the Boston Red Sox.
Is that so? That's kind of ironic, Isn't it? I do know that LeBron is also a member of the group that owns the Red Sox as well as FC Liverpool!
Yeah. LeBron is into a lot of things. Too bad he has an attitude since moving to LA. I wonder where the "lost" Yankee player is?
I'm not sure of that one! But did you know Ben Affleck forced the Gone Girl production to shut down for 4 days because he refused to wear a New York Yankees cap on screen? He's a huge Red Sox fan. That's going overboard and taking it way too far.
Actors and other celebs are so peculiar. Bill O'Reilly had a fake press organization in college to get season tickets to the Yankees, it worked. 
Ha! So true! I do think it's cool that Wrigley and Fenway are the only two ballparks that are over 100 years old.
Are they? Wow. I guess Don Mattingly was suspended because he didn't want to cut his hair. How weird.
That is weird. Kind of like Bobby Richardson is the only player to win World Series MVP despite actually losing the series.
Many Japanese are surprised to hear that baseball is popular here.
Are they really? I wonder why? I also wonder if Japan's pro baseball league uses as many balls as the MLB in a single season which is 160k.
Maybe? I think I would prefer the N.Y Highlanders, over the NY Yankees.
Speaking of the Yankees, did you know their famous logo predates the team? It was actually designed by Tiffany and Co. for a medal of valor for a fallen police officer, John McDowell, way back in 1877.
Yes, I did. I have a book on Tiffany history. If I were to find a box of baseball cards, I would throw them out, unlike the man who found millions in his grandfather's attic.
Ha! I need to check my attic then! I wonder if a card exists on the 17 year old girl who was banned from baseball for striking out both Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig?
Hopefully, she is a national treasure. Weirdly, two Yankees pitchers swapped families. Permanently.
I wonder why? That's kind of strange! Do you think any Cubs fans swapped families the last time they won back to back World Series titles, which happened to be the last time they won a series?
I don't know. Thank you for chatting with me, have a wonderful day.
Nice chatting with you! And before I go, always remember the Yankees don't put the player's last names on the back of their jerseys because they feel it puts unneeded attention on the players when the attention should be on the team as a whole. Take care, friend!
Hi there! Are you a baseball fan at all?
Hello! I am! I don't really have a team but like the Red Sox! How about you?
Oh man, I'm a long time Yankee fan. Can't stand the Red Sox!
The yankees have been fun to watch too! I'm from the midwest so you don't have to hate me haha. Do you know which two ballparks are over 100 years old?
Hmm I'm pretty sure Fenway is. I visited it a couple of years ago. I'll admit it's pretty cool. The other one is probably Wrigley right?
Did you go to a yankee sox game there? That would be so cool to see that! That is correct for both!
I didn't. I just happened to be in Boston and decided to stop in since there was a game. Did you know the Red Sox were partly owned by the New York Times?
Oh that's cool! I didn't know that! Lebron James is part of the team that owns the Red Sox as well!
Is he? That's lame!! Not a Lebron fan over here. Isn't he a Yankee fan too?
He's a fan of whatever makes him money lol. I know Ben Affleck hates the yankees!
Who do you think will do better this year?
I'm thinking the Yankees because they have all this young talent who are starting to play well together!
Yeah Boston has the pitching advantage though. We don't have an answer for Chris Sale. Plus I think Boston has better pure hitters.
That's true! At least they play each other like 15 times so we can see haha. Did you see that crazy ball in the hat rule that baseball has?
Ball in the hat? No I don't think I have.
Apparently the opposing team receives three bases if a player catches a baseball in their hat... Make zero sense lol.
That can't be real. We would have seen it happen. I do know managers can technically play. That's why they wear uniforms.
I wonder if anybody has jumped in? I can see old Tommy Lasorda jumping in a dodgers game when he was managing lol.
Haha man I think that guy is still around making wine or something.
I'm sure he is. He has to be 1000 years old now lol. Anyways, had a great chat, Have an awesome night!
Thanks! Enjoy the rest of the night. Got a fantasy baseball draft coming up
Thanks, gotta research for mine!
How's it going, do you follow baseball? The Nationals aren't doing too good after losing 3-0 to the Red Sox
Yeah, they just suck big time.  And I doubt it's going to improve much.  Those errors like Severino not blocking that pitch in the dirt are very hard to shake.
Yea it was so bad the Nationals called a players only meeting but I don't see it helping much
The manager, Martinez, is very typical rah rah kind of guy but that doesn't win games.  They need to play better.  Difo popping out to end the game seems to demonstrate how bad they are.
Erick Fedde shoulder shoreness doesn't help either
True.  That kind of injury can nag on for the rest of the season.  Maybe they need a girl pitcher.  Did you know there was a 1y year old girl got banned back in the day for striking out Ruth and Gehrig.  That's what they need.
No, that is strange. Maybe the manager can play in the game since they technically allowed to play
Whoops, I meant 17 year old girl.  I had heard about managers playing, it would be fun to see that actually happen.  I'm kind of surprised actually because my Oakland A's have done so many crazy things.  That rule is so obscure that everybody knows it.  Like catching the ball in your hat gives the other team three bases.
You know I think Pete Rose played a few games while he was a manager but Pete was one crazy dude
You might be right about that.  He would never admit to being too old to play.  My daughter lives just down the street from Fenway park in Boston.  One of the two 100 year old parks.  
I've been to Fenway once, it's pretty crazy their first game was against the NY Highlanders
Those Highlanders became the Yankees in 1913 so that does make 100 years.  That club started as the Baltimore Orioles in 1901.  I bet there were some odd rules back then.
I'm sure, speaking of odd 2 yankee pitchers swapped families in 1973
Wow! that's really "Trading places".  One thing I don't like about the Yankees is they don't have names of their uniforms.  I guess they are supposed to be so famous that everyone knows them.  Although the club claims that's to emphasize the team element of the game.  
I guess that's a major reason why there is a "lost" yankee player
You mean some kind of ghost?  Baseball is full of stories, like how the Sox name came from Noah Webster's plan to simplify spelling.  Boston and Chicago bought in anyway.
I figured it was just because people in Boston and Chicago have horrible accents, especially Boston saying sox instead of socks lol
Yeah, especially Boston.  Can hardly understand some of them.  When I play video baseball game with my boy he always wants to be the Albuquerque Isotopes.  That name was actually made up for the Simpson's show.  I prefer the Birmingham Biscuits.  We have a lot of fun. 
You ever play soccer-baseball aka kickball?
No since 3rd grade!  But my grown up hipster daughter and her friends do.  I guess it also involves beer.  Since MLB uses about 160,000 balls a year, I guess they need to sell a lot of beer too, to pay for it all.
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Are you a baseball fan?
Hello, I love baseball. What about you?
Yeah, It's one of my favorite sports. 
Did you know the opposing team receives 3 bases if a player catches a baseball in their hat?
No, I've never seen that before, but that's probably why. 
There is a baseball team that was named after the baseball team in the Simpsons.
That's funny, I wonder if they're any good. Do you collect baseball cards?
I love baseball cards. I used to collect them when I was little. Do you collect them?
Yeah, I used to collect them. I heard some guy found three million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cars in his grandfathers attic.
Wow that would be an awesome find! In season of MLB baseball, they can go through 160,000 baseballs.
That's a lot of baseballs. I wonder how many bats they go through?
I bet not nearly as many bats. They don't seem to break very often. 
I heard baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their team. I would love to see that. 
I have heard that too. Have you ever seen a manager play before?
No, I would pay to see one of them step up to the plate. 
I would love to see that too. Do you like the Yankees?
I'm neutral towards them, but I don't hate them like some people. 
I'm about the same. Do you like the Red Sox?
I feel the same about them as well. How about you?
Pretty much the same. I like the Red Sox over the Yankees. 
I heard the New York Times owns part of the Red Sox.
That's a cool fact to know. Well, it was good talking to you. Take care. 
do you like baseball?
Yes I do. DO you know why the managers wear uniforms?
Yeah because they can play if the team needs them to
yeah. do you know what kickball is called in Canada?
It is called soccer-baseball
Yeah. Do you know who used to do the MLB schedule for a long time?
Yes a couple and they did it for 24 years straight
Yeah and they scheduled  games each year, crazy right?
Yeah I know. Did you hear of that guy that made a fortune from baseball cards?
Yes they were his grandfather's in the attic of the house
Yesh he made a total of $3 million by selling them
Yeah. In Japan is super popular that they cannot believe it is pastime here
Yeah. Do you like the Yankees?
Yes I do. The pitchers in  swapped families permanently
Did you know there is a lost yankee player

WOw cool. Bill O'Reilly faked a press organization just so he could get free tickets to their games
And the best part about that is that it worked for him
Yeah I know. Bobby Richardson is the only one to win a WS MVP even though he lost the series
Cool. Do you like the Red Sox?
Yes I do. They have lost every game on Ben Affleck's birthday since the goodwill hunting game came out
Wow is that a bed omen for them then?
Hello. Do you like baseball?
Not really.  I would prefer to watch paint dry.  What is a Washington National and why did they lose to the red sox?
Im not sure. Did you know that the yankees have a storied history. In 1973 two yankees pitchers swapped families permanently.
That does not make sense.  I think the wives would notice.  Washington lost 18 of the past 24 games. Cool, a relaxed team.
I think the wives must have been ok with it if it was permanent. 
One of the managers of the Washington Nationals they would get better.  He was right.  He would also be right in saying a coin lands on head or tails.
That is tru he was. The yankees actually began play in 1901 as the baltimore orioles.
So the New York Yankees played as the Baltimore Oreo's. Thats pretty strange.  Was it the bird, or the cookie that came first.
I would say in history the Bird probably came first. Lol. The yankees have a lost player. Im gonna have to do some research on that. It sounds interesting to say the least.
Yes, research is required for that one.  Bill O'reilly pulled a neat trick.  I wonder if I could do the same today?
I dont know. It got him season tickets to the yankees so hey give it a try.
I would like to try.  There are so many statistics about baseball.  Its nauseating.  The Red Sox have lost every game on Ben Afflecks birthday since they forgot how to spell socks.
Did you know that the new york time in part owns the red sox.
So, that means that a new york newspaper prints articles about a baseball team.  truly the end of the world that is.  A dying media owning a physical team.  If only they owned a virtual team.
Lol. Did you know that baseball managers are allowed to play in the game thats why they wear a uniform. Pete rose used to do it for the reds.
Go Pete Rose.  That guy was a great gambler. I have never been to Fenway Park.  Have you?
I haven't. I know the first game they played in fenway park they 7-6 beat the new york islanders 
Really?  fascinating.  The Red Sox might be worth more money, but the small capacity of Fenway Park prevents them from getting much attendance.  The $12 hot dog and $5 beer dont help either. 
In 1991 the yankes suspended don mattingly for refusing to get a haircut.
Don Mattingly?  I wonder what the deal was.  Maybe he wanted long hair.  Strange rules.
I dont know probably just arguing just to argue.Did you know that bobby richardson won the world series mvp but that they lost the series that year. 
Did Bobby score for the other team?  Anyway, have a good day.
Hello there, are you a big MLB fan?
not until recently. been rooting for the brewers until they lost
That is awesome! I am a huge Brewers fan, have been my whole life and yeah what a season. 
Oh wow, are you from Milwaukee, or Wisconsin?
Yeah I am, I tore my ACL playing soccer this summer so got to watch all of the games usually I just catch as many as I can but I work nights. 
The brewers played really well last season. I hated when Machado played dirty. So glad the Red Sox beat the dodgers
Yeah I was not a fan of Machado, I really wish we would've won game 7 and I agree, glad the Red Sox won. 
Do you also play baseball for fun, as well as soccer? 
No, I used to when I was a child.  How about yourself?
I did too when I was a child. Dancing is my sport these days. Do you know if the Red Sox has always won the world Series? (like the Patriots in the Super bowl)
Yeah it seems like they have recently right.  Did you know that managers can technically play in the field?
That is an interesting fact. I did not know that. Do you mean, pitch or play other positions? bases?
I think anything, that is why they always wear a uniform as well.  Not like in other sports where the coach wears a suit and tie!
Wow that is so cool. I never knew that. Apparently there is also a "lost" yankees player. how does that happen?
That is super strange, I never heard that before I might have to google that one. 
So a man found 3 million dollars worth of 1900 baseball cards, wow. If you were in that situation, would you sell or keep?
Nice, I would keep some of them but definitely sell at least a million worth.  I could use the money to buy some awesome tickets to real games. 
That's along the lines of what I would do, sell some and keep some. Which Brewers player is your favorite? So far I like Yelich. 
Yelich is so awesome, I love his attitude and how humble he is, and that's on top of him being one of the best in the whole league.  My favorite was probably Kratz this year though lol. 
I agree! Kratz was great as well. Wow being a new baseball fan, it's interesting to learn more things. It was nice chatting with a fellow Wisconsinite. What are the chances?
Yeah same here, very cool when you responded Brewers, first time that has happened to me.  Hope you enjoy the rest of the day, get ready for the cold!
Hello there, are you a big baseball fan?
Yes I am, I like the Yankees what about you?
That's awesome, yeah I am too, but I am a Brewers fan, we almost made the world series this year!
Oh thats too bad! hopefully next year you can make it, would be nice to see a defining match between the Yankees and the Brewers.
Yeah that would be a dream of mine to watch the Yankees and Brewers playing in the world series together. 
Would be nice, did you know that a man found baseball cards worth 3 million dollars in his grandfathers attic!
Holy cow! That would be so crazy to have that happen to you.  Did you know baseball managers can technically play?
I didnt know that! I guess it never happens, would be interesting to watch though.
Yeah there are a few managers from the past that I would've loved watching swinging a bat. 
Yeah like who?
Guys like Dusty Baker, Tony La Russa and guys like those!
I see! well I would like to see Bobby Richardson play again, did youknow he is the only person to win a mvp without winning the series?
No I didn't know that, very interesting. Did you know Don Mattingly got suspended once for not getting a haircut?
Thats new, thats a stupid way of suspending a key player lol, most players would get suspended now a days if the same rule applied.
Yeah I know the Simpsons parodied it on probably the best episode that show ever made, it was great. 
I will sure google that later on, are you a soccer fan? apparently the Red Socks are owned by the same company as Liverpool F.C.
You should, it will be worth it, they had a ton of real baseball players do voices.  And yes I am! Liverpool is actually my favorite team.  Do you watch much?
I will look it up for sure, I think the Simpsons are the best and yeah I love soccer, I like Man United though and also Barcelona. 
Yeah I watch most of Manchester's matches, they are doing much better since they let go of Mourinho. 
They sure are, I used to think Mourinho was a great coach but theres always fighting in the teams he arrives.
Yeah he is, and I agree, I think it just got to be too much for the players and it's best for all this way.  Well it was nice talking with a fellow sports fan, I hope you have a good night. 
Hello!  Do you follow baseball?  Baseball is so popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover its status as American's national pastime.
Yes, I enjoy going to the games!! I'm surprised Japan didn't know that! interesting.
Baseball has so many interesting facts.  For example, did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are able to play for their teams if the need arises.  
Really, I didn't know that was for baseball? Did you know that in a typical season that 160,000  baseballs may be used?
That is a lot of baseballs.  I wonder what they do with all of them.  I know a few go to the fans.
Yes, Have you ever caught one or came close? Do you know what happens if a baseball player catches the ball in their hat?
I have never caught one.  What happens?
Pretty exciting I would think!! I love to see kids get one. Isn't it interesting the NY Yankees logo was first designed by Tiffany for a police officer!
Speaking of the New York Yankees in 1991, they suspended Don Mattingly because he refused to get a haircut.
Really, Do you know why or long was his hair?
I am not sure, but I can imagine it was pretty long.  On the other hand, the Boston Red Sox are owned in part by the New York Times.
Yes, and I heard Lebron James is in part of an owner as well!
James has to be rich to be able to afford that.  He has to be so much richer than the man who found three million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards in his grandfather's attic.  
Yes, he was part of a group that did. I heard about that! Can you imagine finding cards worth that much in an attic?
A lottery win just above your head, how crazy!  It's as crazy as Bill O'Reilly inventing a fake press organization in college to get season tickets to the Yankees.  Can you guess if it worked or not?
Knowing Bill O'Reilly I bet it did! 
Yes it worked.  He got in.  It was smart thinking on his part.  
Really, interesting! Did you know there are two major league baseball parks over 100 years old?
Considering baseball started to get popular in the early 1900s, I believe it.  In 1904, the Red Sox won the American League pennant.  
Yes, it did! Its funny Ben Affleck refused to wear a NY Yankees cap on screen in Gone Girl!!
Hmm I wonder why.  It was nice chatting with you. 
lol, Yes, It wouldn't be because he likes the Red Sox team!! Good chat!
Have a good day.  
How's it going, do you like Baseball? In Canada they call kickball Soccer-Baseball lol
I think baseball is kind of boring, but my significant other likes it. 
Yea it can be pretty boring at times, especially if the Manager decides to play in the game
Do you like the Yankees or the Red Sox more?
Definitely a Yankee fan, it's crazy they used to be known as the Highlanders, I bet they wouldn't be as popular if they kept that name
Yeah. The Red Sox are owned by the same company that owns Liverpool FC, and I hate them.
The New York times also has a share in them too, it's crazy how people invest in sports now
At least the Yankees are still controlled by the Steinbrenner family. RIP George Steinbrenner.
Yea and the Yankees got to move into a new ballpark in 2009 too
Beats sharing a stadium with the Mets.
Yea, I wouldn't want to play in Shea Stadium with the mets
They had to share it with the New York Jets and the New York Giants too.
Sounds very cramp, I guess the Yankees and Giants left Shea Stadium so they could go out and win championships
Fenway Park has history though. I'll give the Red Sox that much.
Yea, Fenway has been around for over 100 years, very few parks with that much history
Yeah. The Red Sox have been around since 1901. 
Yea and the Yankees have been around since 1901 even though they started off as the Baltimore Orioles
The Red Sox always lose on Ben Affleck's birthday and I find that oddly satisfying. 
Good Will Hunting must of placed a curse on the Red Sox
Well it was 1997. What else was Ben Affleck supposed to do? Chasing Amy 2?
I'd watch that. Well I have to go, have a nice day
Are you a fan of jazz?
Yeah I enjoy going to jazz clubs from time to time. It is a very historical type of music.
Me too, it has been around since like the 19th century. It is so smooth!
Very smooth. It seems to have originated in west African culture.
I did not know that. I know that Clint Eastwood is an avid jazz film, he puts it in his film
Oh that's cool. I am excited to see his new film called meal. Jazz players grew goatees as it provided comfort when playing. That makes a lot of sense.
that is true, I should grow a goatee and then it will be acceptable if I say I am a jazz trumpet person lol
Ha ha yeah that would be funny. One thing I didn't know is that Pakistan has a very good jazz orchestra.
I didn't know they knew jazz. Are you into watching movies?
Yeah I definitely love movies. I think it's beautiful what some movie makers can do. It is definitely a form of art.
It is such a form of art. I used to love creating movies in school in high school. James Wong was the pioneer for wide angle lenses
Very cool. He definitely deserved winning his Oscar. Surprising that he wasn't an American citizen until 1943.
For sure, that was so interesting and a crazy time to be asian! Almost like roger deakins being nominated 13 times and never winning
Yeah I can't believe he never won, it was like Leonardo DiCaprio. The universe can be a crazy place sometimes. In fact the universe maybe one giant super hologram.
For sure, LEO! The universe is so crazy, like it maybe being one giant superhologram
Oh very interesting theory indeed. There is also a theory that there is only one electron in the universe. I don't quite believe that one as much.
Dang, I don't believe that much but I dont have the proof not to believe that lol. I love the universe
It is a very unique concept. There are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.
I would love to experience that in my lifetime, but it probably won't happen. Touching a star. Good chatting with you!
Yeah that would be a really cool thing to accomplish. There's even a region of space that may be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe. Great chatting with you too see you later.
I am going to look up more facts from the universe, so nice! Have a good day!
Hi there!  Did you know that there are stars that are cold enough for a human to be able to touch?
Yeah I actually knew that the sun will eventually cool down. The universe is an amazing topic great start I must say!
Thanks!  The universe is really fascinating, and there's so much to learn!  I love reading about the different theories - like the one that believes the universe evolved through natural selection.
Yeah there are a lot of good theories as well, also the one that the universe exists in a Black Hole. 
I haven't heard that one...actually that one makes sense to me.  Although does the black hole exist in another universe?  Did you hear the theory that the universe is actually one giant superhologram?
I have no idea, I think the theory is really complex and I did hear about that one I think its best to keep an open mind but I don't believe that theory is true. 
I absolutely agree.  Are you a fan of jazz?
I am a fan of the genre yeah, it has deep roots that go to African communities of New Orleans. 
Yes, It's thought of as America's classical music.  I recently learned that jazz trumpeters grew goatees for comfort while playing, not for the look!
Ive always wondered about those goatees, they look really funny, I guess they serve a purpose and it all makes sense now.
Yes, I always thought they were funny.  When I think of a jazz player I think of the Muppets, lol.
Why is that lol? did you ever watch the series Breaking Bad?
I saw the first few episodes, why?
There is a Jazz musician that is called Walter White and he has a new album called  ''Breaking Good'' 
Oh my goodness, that's funny!!!  There is a woman in Harlem who holds a free jazz concert at her apartment every Sunday, sometime top performers stop by!
That must have been great also annoying if you dont like Jazz. I bet her neighbors appreciated that though. 
I didn't even think about that!  Well, she's been doing in for the past twenty years, I guess her neighbors would have moved if they didn't like it!
Ella Fitzgerald was another jazz player she thought herself to sing 2 notes at once, seems like she had a talent for music
Wow, two notes at once?  I never noticed, I wonder how many singers can do that?  Very impressive!  I guess Clint Eastwood is a fan of jazz - he included it and even scored several of his films with it!
Maybe Clint Eastwood did that as well, his one of my favorite actors but anyways its lunch time it was great chatting with you friend.
It was great chatting with you, have a great day and enjoy your lunch!
Good Morning! Are you into music?
I am into music are you?
Yes I am! I do like rap music. Never heard of the korean rap battles though.
Compliment battles, they seem kind of lame to me lol
Very lame but to each their own haha. I didn't think Eminem wanted to ever be anything else but a rapper!
Apparently one of his passion is comic books, he wanted to be a comic book artist
I'm glad he stopped that route and became a rapper! I wonder if he went to high school with any famous people like Jay Z did?
No idea about that, he might, do you like Jay Z?
I like some of his songs. I didn't know he ghostwrote a song for Space Jam! I'll have to look into that one.
Didnt know about that one either, are you aware of his album American Gangster?
I am, I think he pulled it off Itunes though for some reason?
He did, because he thought his collection shouldnt be sold as individual singles, I guess he really appreciated his own work
I think he has a good point there! Do you wear hats by the way? Did you know more people wore bowler hats and not cowboy hats in the old west?
I guess movies have tricked us all! didnt know about that, interesting fact though
I don't even know what a bowler hat is, is that bad? I wonder if they could tip hats back in the day too.
That is a good question, Google will solve it after we finish chatting, do you know the origins of the conical party hats?
Weren't they derived from dunce caps?
Yeah, they were, they were worn to enforce and encourage foolish behavior, I dont see them at parties anymore.
I think I need some of those in my office right now. A lot of people around here lol.
That can definitely cheer a lot of them up lol, I can relate
I'm going to see what I can do to cheer people up haha. It was awesome chatting, have a great day!
Hello there, are you a fan of Jay-Z?
Not really, but I do like the song "Empire State of Mind" that he did with Alicia Keys. The song "California Gurls" was written as an answer song to that
Yeah didn't Snoop Dogg rap on that song California Gurls?
Yes, he recorded it with Katy Perry. There's also a song on the Space Jam soundtrack that's sung by Bugs Bunny that Jay-Z was a ghostwriter for
That is pretty interesting, I didn't know he was writing music that far back. 
Many artists started off in song writing. His first album was released in 1996. Now he has thirteen
I think he is up there for most ever grammys or grammy nominations as well. 
He's been rapping since high school though because he had a rap battle with Busta Rhymes in the lunchroom since they attended the same school
That must have been an awesome battle, would be cool if you were there and could tell the story today. 
Well, DMX also went to that school and also might have been there to see it. One of Jay-Z's albums was pulled from iTunes because he didn't want people buying individual songs and missing the big picture they would get from the album as a whole
That is a pretty cool concept, i don't think artists appreciate the whole album experience like the used to, not all but a lot. 
Albums that are done well should be a seamless experience between songs. Have you heard of the DC comics miniseries called "Kingdom Come"?
Agreed, and no I haven't heard about it, what is it about?
It's about a retired Superman in the future coming out of retirement and showing the younger superheroes how saving the world is done. It inspired Jay-Z's album with the same name
That sounds pretty cool I will have to check that out when I get some time. 
He's not the only rapper who likes superheroes. Eminem's favorite superhero is Spider-man, and he originally wanted to be a comic book artist
Yeah I think I read that, interesting to think what Eminem's comic book art would have looked like. 
It's not too late for him to try. There's a type of freestyle invented by Korean rappers called a "compliment battle." How nice of them!
That sounds pretty cool, did you hear about the judge in an Eminem suit?
Didn't the judge give her ruling by rapping?
Yeah she rapped it out to him, that sounds too funny to be true. 
I mean, I would do that too if I could. Apparently I need to go back and watch the Rugrats Movie because Busta Rhymes did the voice of the Reptar wagon
hi how are you? do you like rap music?
I like some stuff.  Mainly some of the older stuff.  I do enjoy Jay-Z
I dont really know his stuff. he is quite popular ive heard.
I know he is in the Songwriter's Hall of Fame, I am not too familiar with his entire body of work, but what I have heard, I like.
I guess he has rivals in the rap world? Is kanye one of them?
I think so, but I also think they worked on an album together.  I dont personally care for Kanye.
I dont really like him as a person and i dont know his music. To me, he seems to focus too much on himself.
I agree with that, and I don't agree with his thinking, either.  He had a controversial comment about AIDS...
I'm not convinced that he knows much about science and medicine. hm.
Enough about him... did you know Jay-Z was the ghostwriter for the song Bugs Bunny sang on space jam?
I did not know that. jay-z probably writes a lot of songs that get used in different situations.
He is a prominent rapper, so he likely has songs I dont even realize are his!
True. Did you know that tupac shakur's music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance"?
No.  That is pretty cool.  I never got into him, but I hear his music was pretty good.
I dont know his stuff either. i know that he was a dancer as well. he was a gifted guy.
He really was, I read he also studied Jazz, poetry and other stuff while in school.
I am not surprised. Did you know that korean rappers engage in something called a compliment battle? 
Yeah, it is something that they also call their freestyle.  Here it is an insult battle.  LOL
Yes, i think the koreans are doing something culturally appropriate. Anyway, great chat!
Same to you!  Have a great day!
Thanks, you too! Bye
Bye!
do you like Jay Z?
I do. DO you know his full name?
His name is Shawn Corey Carter
Yeah. Did you know he went to high school with Busta Rhymes?
yea and notorioug big and used to have lunchroom rap battles

That must have been so cool to hear back then
Right? He pulled his American Gangster album from iTunes
Yes as he said albums should not be sold piece by piece
Yes and compared it to movies not being sold frame by frame

Yeah. Do you know where the name of the album Kingdom COme came from?
Yes the DC comics with the same name about the retired superman
Yes and in it he comes back to show the new guys how it is done
yes the irony in that name alone is so extreme

I know. Do you like hats?
I sure do. Do you know the most popular one in the old west?
Yes contrary to popular belief it was the bowler hat
Yeah. Do you know where the tipping of the hat originated?
Yes when knights removed their visors to show friendliness
Yeah. The conical party hat originated from the dunce caps
SO silly. Nice chat today
Same here
Hey there do you like sharks? I know that I hate the shark in Jaws LOL
ha!  That was a bad shark!
Yep he was evil! It's funny that sharks are older than both dinosaurs and trees too
Wow.  And still they have no rib cages.
Wow that's crazy! It's also crazy that you could have a pet shark and you could train it to bark LOL I don't like the sound of that
Wow, I didnt know sharks barked.  I didnt think they made a sound
No that would be really scary sound to hear if sharks were barking LOL what do you think about sharks rescuing sailors apparently dolphins and sharks do that
That is neat, maybe they are not all bad.  Except that shark cafe... that sounds like something from nightmares.
Yep that sounds horrifying haha. I would definitely not want to run into a Caf of great white sharks LOL
Its like they are just waiting for their snack to come to them
Yes we need to have a scientist come by to study these shark cafes LOL did you know that the emperor of Japan is actually a scientist
Really?  Why does it seem that every other country has a really smart person in power except us.
Yeah I don't know the world isn't fair I guess haha. What do you think about the fact that only one scientist has ever walked on the moon?
I am kind of surprised more of the first Astronauts werent some sort of scientist.
Yes I agree, but scientists are really smart did you hear about the scientist who, when he was 6, could divide 2x 8 digit numbers in his head?
Yeah, he could converse in Ancient Greek too!  That is amazing.  I cant even do those things now.
Nope I can't either! It's truly remarkable, what about comedies though, are you at least interested in those? I know that I love Bill Murray
I love comedy.  Bill Murray was great in Ghostbusters.
Yep he also recommends that you watch the movie Kung Fu Hustle, he calls it a supreme achievement, have you ever seen it
Nope, so I cant fully agree or disagree with him
I think the movies ok, one movie I didn't like was Green Lantern with Ryan Reynolds, they should have made it a comedy with Jack Black, that sounds much better
Have you watched Skyscraper? It was a good movie! Full of action
For me Skyscraper was decent. At least it was better than The Meg
The Meg had the world's biggest shark. I rather watch Jaws.
While The Meg was like Jaws, but bigger wasn't better as the film was blandly satisfying and equally forgetful
That movie got 2 stars. What a shame.
Jaws was a good movie that unfortunately made people very very afraid of sharks. Did you know even sharks have rescued sailors? In any case The Meg is a hollywood rehash of things that work, but are terrible
That is true. There has been some news about people getting killed by sharks, swimming in the open. There are other sharks that are safe, but make sure to be with trained swimmers. It gives a different perspective of how sharks are through Meg.
Even then, the Meg takes its sweet time to start going, barely delivering the trills and chills expected of such a film. Its series of close calls become growing comedic rather than believable or action packed.
Well, it does seem comedic due to the enormous shark. They should change the genre to comedy instead of action.
At that point it is funny just because of how bad it is... As an actor Statham does well, but can't carry the film like his rival Johnson.
Interesting, did you know that Jack Black starred in most of the comedy films such as green lantern?
I thought Jack Black was originally going to star in green lantern, which was going to be a comedy, but he ended up not being in green lantern?
Wow, that is sad. Jack Black should have been chosen.
The chance of it being a better film as a comedy is very high. Personally, I tend to be bias towards comedy since its purpose is to be humorous or amusing by inducing laughter
True. Have you watched Comedy Central?
Not really. I only recently read that they cancelled over 100 shows since it was created in 1989
You can watch it on YouTube. They should have them still.
What is comedy central offer in terms of content?
Well, they have improvisation. I personally thought it was funny.
Are they like Monty python? they also do a lot of improv like the parrot sketch
Yes, it is similar. It was nice chatting with you.
Hi Have you seen the Meg movie?
I saw in the theater! I thought it was pretty interesting, although it got mediocre ratings.
It looks pretty good.  Is it like Jaws?  I haven't seen it yet.
It was a like a fancy new age Jaws but with jason Statham and ruby rose.
Nice.  I'm going to have to check it out.  Did you know that sharks can be trained like dogs to bark?  Odd...
A barking shark?! That is odd from a cartilaginous fish!
I know.  ...and how in the heck did they ever to decide "Hey...let's see if we can make a shark bark!"  lol
Maybe it began with pet sharks. Indonesia has a community with shark pets.
That sounds different. lol  I would like to see some videos of the white shark cafe in the middle of the pacific ocean.  It's where great white sharks congregate.
Sharks are ticklish. I wonder if they laugh along with bark?
How do they know that?  lol  Sharks evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees.  Maybe that has something to do with it.
I would like to see some research done by scientists on this issue. Scientists gain knowledge based on their research.
Yep.  They must have done some research on how not only dolphins, but sharks can rescue sailors too.  I wouldn't have wanted to be the guinea pig in that research project. lol
People have to be scientists or magicians to own a rabbit in Queensland. What a silly law.
I've never heard that.  I wonder why?  ..a magician too? lol
I find it humorous comedy that magicians are the only other exception to the rabbit ownership rule.
Yes.  Odd for sure.  The world wide web was invented by an English scientist in 1989.  They really developed it fast because I remember being able to go online around 1995
The good old days of dial up connections. Major expense went into developing it. I wonder how it compares to the $200 million budget for evan almighty.
I loved that movie.  Do you like comedies?
I do! I wish they were up for oscars because they are deserving and it has been 37 years since one won.
I love them too.  I didn't realize that Comedy Central was created in 1989.  Same year as the world wide web!
that was a big year for important things! Nice meeting you!
Kanye West was really seriously a happy man while playing Family Fued, wasn't he.
haha I think so, he was very spirited with his shouting and "dragon energy" haha
Yah, dragon energy he said he shared with Trump of all people.
ya pretty crazy, also he was born in 1977 and has sold about 120 million records so he's no slouch
Yes he is a very popular rapper.
oh ya for sure, but hes kind of crazy he thinks AIDS was man made
hahaha!  True.  He has some real funny ideas.
yup very werid, he is nice though once he gave his mic to a wheelchair bound fan
Yes, he did.  He also sings some gospel songs!  That was shocking to me.  He has a wide range of changes in his approach to sweep people off their feet.
oh definitely, and he has a history of off color interruptions, like at that award ceremony with Taylor Swift
He's supposed to be the only one out of the top 10 most successful songs of all time that is in a minor key!
that is impressive, do you like Kim kardashian at all?
Yes, I do.  She hit TV like no tomorrow and got extremely high pay, especially in 2015 when she took the highest paid reality television personality!
ya she hit the ground running, weird that she used to be the personal assistant for Paris Hilton!
Everyone has to start somewhere.  Ya think?  That 2003 sex tape with her former boyfriend, Ray J that got leaked in 2007 helped push her to the forefront.
oh definitely, and now shes married to Kanye West and in Fallout Boy Music videos!
Who would have ever thought Kanye West?  hahahaha!  Yah, she jumped right in there in 2014 and they got thee kids right off the bat!
lol ya she did, and her father got famous from being part of OJ's defense team, I remember that
True!  She hit the top 100 most influential people in 2015 and was plastered all over Time magazine!
yup she was, do you like rap music? I guess Tupac's music was given to the library of congress because it was deemed "culturally significant"
Personally, there is very little rap that I like.  Tupac is a big name in the industry along with eminem.
ya, I was just shocked they rap in Korea and do "compliment battles" sounds crazy
Hello, do you like sharks?
I think they are pretty neat!  I dont want to swim with them though.
They are amazing animals. Sharks have no rib cages which means on the land they can crush their own body.
I think it is cool that they rescue sailors.  So they are not the monster Jaws makes the out to be.
I think so too. Sharks evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees.
Wow!  That is amazing.  I would have expected the other two to be first.
Me too. Great White Sharks congregate in the middle of the Pacific in an area know as the white shark cafe.
Also known as the place you wont find me.
HAHA right! Sharks can be trained like dogs to bark.
That would be the scariest sound to hear right before it eats you...lol  
I agree lol. Do you like science?
I do.  I find it fascinating.  Im no scientist though.
I do too. One of the emperors of Japan is a scientist and still publishes papers to this day.
Wow.  To bad we cant elect someone with that intellect.
I agree. Harrison Schmitt is the only scientist to walk on the moon.
You would have thought more of the astronauts would have been scientists.
I would think so too. Harvard scientists stored a GIF animation of a galloping horse in the DNA of bacteria.
Even beginning to understand how that is done baffles me.  
I agree. It doesn't even make sense to me. Do you like comedy?
I do!  It has to be my favorite genre!
I think it's great. Nothing better than a good laugh!
The Green Lantern was supposed to be a comedy in the beginning.
Good talking to you
Hi, how are you? Seeing a study saying 'zapping' the brain decreases aggressive intentions. 
I have read that brain stimulation help prevent future violence.
I wonder how long it lasts?
according to an article I read it depends on the experiment
Interesting. Are you a fiction reader at all?
I do. Did you know what in 1950s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic because it has a black character
I wish I were surprised. I also see taht George RR Martin of Game of Thrones hates fan fiction.
Wow. I didnt know that.  talking about something else did you know that windows 95 was the second most installled piece of software on computers. windows has been for a long time
On a huge percet of computers. Apparently smoking near Apple computers voids the warranty for a biohazard.
I wonder how can smoking affect it.  It also amazing the fact that the first windows computer at standfor was constructed from lego bricks.
I really dont know. Some people want to be able to upload their minds to memory sticks. Strange thought.
I know. But in those days there are better devices to use.  I read something funny the other day about that it is a illigal to own a rabbit in queensland. Can you believe that?
I wonder why?
Dont know. But will find out later. Another interesting fact is that Matt Patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the nfl.
He's a smart guy, good luck to him with the Lions.
Do you know if it is true that before coaching he was a working aeronautical enginner? 
I don't know on that, more impressive he has a potential career outside football!
sure. I read he was graduated from rpi
What is RPI?
I think it is a school whose fight song includes sin, cosine and tangent and some other things I cant remember
thats funny! I want hear the song. Have a great day!
HI there. I like watching reality tv as a guilty pleasure and Kim and Kenya are at top of my list. How about you?
I don't watch reality tv, but I heard the Family Feud episode they're on is worth watching!
Yeah, me too. I watched it and it was a hoot. I have never seen Kenya smile and be a happy person. The host Steve Harvey is so funny and great that it would be hard not to smile around him.
I'll have to look it up!  It would be weird seeing Kanye as a likeable person!  What is it about the reality tv shows with them do you like?
I think it is just the shock value. The glimpse on Family Feud into another aspect of them all was interesting too because they were in a fun environment. Kanye has released some good music and some dark cracked psyche kind of music too they are like watching a train wreck.
How weird, I'm sure if I had cable I would get hooked into it!  I heard Kim Kardashian used to be a personal assistant to Paris Hilton.
Oh wow, thats crazy, really? I wonder if she traveled and everything with Paris?
Yes, she traveled as her stylist!  I wonder how Paris Hilton feels about her former stylist out-faming her?!
Probably sour and mad,lol. I know that Vogue magazine said that Kim was a trail blazer and a pop culture phenomenon.  
Is that right?  I've heard that she's a trailblazer of the "selfie movement", not an honor I would be proud of!  Do you know any other interesting facts about her?
Well yes I do. She was reported to be the highest paid reality star of 2015 and earned more than $53 million dollars. She also was in a music video early on in her career for the Fall Out Boys. 
My goodness!  All that money for putting your life onto the tv, how crazy!!!  I wonder if that music video is very good, I do like the Fall Out Boys.  Do you think she would have become famous if it weren't for her dad being on the defense team for OJ Simpson?
I think her dad helped the cause for sure but you make a good point, I don't know. She has done some good things with her money and fame also.
That's true, she advocates to raise awareness for the Armenian Genocide.  It's nice when people put themselves to a cause. 
Yes, exactly. I was raised in an area where that was an important cause overlooked by many. He dad was Armenian.
Are you Armenian?  That's horrible about the genocide, I don't think I would have heard of it if it wasn't for her efforts.
I am not but was raised in a town that many migrated to and it was a known subject to me my whole life. Kim was also interesting in her pick for a husband, that is another reason I follow her crazy decisions. Kanye Omari West was born in 1977 and he has one of the top 10 most successful songs of all time, Gold DIgger. I hate to say I like the song.
And it was the only song he wrote in a minor key!  You would think, given it's success, that he would write more songs in that key...what if that's the secret to it's success??
I think you are on to something, hmmm. I am gonna read Kim's book "Selfish" and contemplate. Thank you for the fun chat, have a good one!
It was a fun chat!  Have a great day!
You too, I liked the crazy topics we explored, see ya.
Computers are so fascinating and we've come so far with them. 
Yeah. I can't imagine my commedore 64 today...
No, we had no graphics or storage back then. Now they are used for everything. Even factories have industrial robots. 
Have you ever seen the Boston Dynamics robots that can run and jump on boxes?
I have not. That is intriguing and I will have to look that up. Can you believe that the space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on  only 1MB of ram?!
If I am an astronaut, I am little worried about going into space with a computer with 1MB of ram... What are they hiding????
I am a little worried also just because I would think they would need more for such complicated processes in order to be safe. I did not know that computers even existed in 1936 but in that year Russians made a computer that ran on water.
Wow, that's crazy! they are not the ones I associate with the invention of the computer.
I'm not that versed on computer history unfortunately. At this point we are so far past what we were. Someone built a 16-bit computer using nothing but basic Minecraft building blocks and it works. 
I would be interested in know if zapping the brain also worked on CTE or overly aggressive football players doing bad off the field.
That's a good question. Biology is a fascinating subject. Are you interested in Science?
I am. I studied it the first 3 years of college and then organic chemistry suggested I move on from that.
I took every biology course I could in high school and a few in college and I wasn't even a science major I just enjoy it. Scientists at Harvard stored a gif of a galloping horse in the DNA of bacteria. I don't understand how that's even possible?!
Have you heard about CRISPR? I listened to a podcast about it and the science was completely over my head. I got out at the right time...
I have not but I will look into it because I'm always curious to know more. Did you know that only one scientist has walked on the moon? I find that surprising. 
Yeah, that is strange. I thought there would be more. Maybe they are at mission control or they are more engineers? Would you ever want to go into space?
No way. I think it's fascinating but I'll stick to the safety of seeing it in pictures ha ha. How about yourself?
Nope! I remember watching 2 shuttles explode and I don't want that to happen. Plus I would miss my wife and kids too much! I find the people going to SpaceX, an unproven spacecraft, crazy!
The Challenger was horrible. I don't know what the SpaceX people are thinking. I was unaware that the emperor of Japan is a scientist who still publishes papers. 
Wow, that's interesting. I think Kim Jong Un has a degree in pysics but who's going to fail him so I gquestion it's legitimacy...
He makes a lot of crazy statements so I highly doubt it but you're right, his people can't question it. 
Nice chatting with you!
You as well. 
Good evening.  Just signing on to my computer; not sure I could live without it.
why do you say that. If you don't mind me asking?
I just use it so much I guess.  Did you know that way back in the 1930s, Russians created a water-run computer?
Really? No I haven't heard of that before.  So they use water to power up a computer? I wonder what was the point in that .
Who knows.  I'm all for utilizing other things, but I just can't believe it worked very well.  
lol  I bet....   So are you into comics?
I used to be.  For about three years when I was younger and then tried again as an adult, but it was an expensive hobby.  I love fiction though.  You?
I'm kinda in the same boat as you.  I just read that in the 1950s a judge tried to ban a science fiction comic becasue it featured a black character. Smh   
We have come along way since then.  I know George RR Martin would like to ban all fan fiction!
Really, why do you say that?
On the one hand he sees it undermining copyright laws and on the other he sees it as potentially hurting someone pursuing writing.
He has a point I guess... but I like reading fan fiction. 
I wonder if you've ever come across fan fiction written by Julius Caesar.  It seems crazy to believe, but I guess when he was young he wrote about Hercules and Oedipus!
Yeah I read an article about that.   I wonder who would win in a fight it came down to  Hulk vs Hercules? 
In the Marvel Universe I think it's Hulk no problem, but I don't know how close to the myth Marvel went with their version of the character.  
Did you know that there's a wiki that ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilitles.   I wonder if Hercules on there then I could rank him against the Hulk.
We just need to get on our computers or at least get our top scientists to look into the issue.  
HAHA... I know right.  Get some egg heads on it lol.  Do you know any scientists? 
The Emperor of Japan is also a scientist and is still publishing papers.  Do you know any?
Nope can't say that I do... but it was nice talking to you tho. 
You too!
Hello, have you heard of the possibility of stimulating the brain with zaps to decrease aggressive instincts?
That is quite amazing, like something from science fiction.  I just wonder if it will really translate to real life.  It seems the test was to zap the prefrontal cortex and then have participants rate how they respond after reading a story with aggression.  I know you cannot test in real life, I'm just not sure how realistic the reading exercise is.
It definitely feels like science fiction! It's crazy how rapidly scientists are innovating, I believe the term scientist wasn't even a regular thing until the 19th century, and look where we are now!
In some ways I agree,  like creating this computerized device to electrically stimulate the brain.  Its a bit scary that external devices can manipulate the brain's wiring.
Absolutely, at the same time I think it's important to remember this is nothing definite yet. The researcher, Olivia Choy, still maintains this is just an early step.
I agree.  But Tom Hummer at Indiana University School of Medicine points out that the biggest limitation of the study is the difficulty of measuring actual aggression in the lab.  So, while it initially may show promise, the next step is to develop better experimental methods to more accurately measure the effects.
With better methods though I have a lot of hope for the future. Amazing things come out of science. Even the World Wide Web was invented by an English Scientist.
At the same time, scientist can be an eccentric bunch.  Do you know that there is a "Steve" project regarding evolution in which a signatory must be named Steve or some variation thereof?
I didn't know that no! That seems very interesting and confusing, I wonder who came up with it.
I'm not sure.  At the same time they can be quite inventive in the most unusual ways.  Did you know that the first Google computer was housed in an enclosure made from Lego bricks.  That's a long way from the Google of today!
Wow it's crazy how people can make something from nothing. I saw once that someone used basic minecraft building blocks to create a working 16-bit computer!
And I thought 16-bit computers went out of production in the 1980s!  Computers have really advanced science in ways that were not possible earlier,  Great advances in space travel were made possible with computer simulations.  And computers are getting smaller.  Harvard scientist have been able to store an animation of a galloping horse in the DNA of bacteria!!!
Computers are getting smarter and yet I feel that there is so much more room to innovate! For example smoking near an apple computer voids the warranty, that scares me and makes me feel like it actually could harm the computer's system!
I'm not quite sure how Apple will enforce that warranty - use a swab test for tobbacco combustion residue?  With scientist and computers, the line between the present and the future is somewhat blurred.  Did you know SciFi author Isaac Asimov created the term "robotics" in 1941?
I didn't know that! That must have been before robotics was even thought of very often, whereas now it's a huge debate! Although I think the history may go back even further, like I believe Edgar Allen Poe wrote the first known example of robots in fiction.
Could be; I have not read Poe in ages.  In weird science news, did you know its illegal to own a rabbit in Queensland Australia unless you have a magician's license or are a scientist?  That sounds like it could be straight out of fiction!!!
Oh absolutely, and I have no clue how they would follow that! Other strange science news I heard about was a very young prodigy, John Von Neumann could divide 8 digit numbers and converse in ancient Greek all by the age of 6.
That was truly remarkable - age 6!.  Do you know when I completed college?
No clue! I'm guessing it was very early on though, maybe he grew up to be one of those genuises that helped build a computer that runs on water!
Sorry about the slip of the fingers, it should have been "he" and not "I".  I guess some of the more eccentric people can be the most creative and with the right guidance produce something than has real world applicability.    Well right now, I am thinking about going program my microwave to make popcorn!
No worries! Maybe you'll be the next great mind in science, who knows! It was nice chatting with you, have a great night!
Same to you.  And don't self experiment with the electrodes to the brain!
Ahah definitely a good idea, thank you for the advice. Good night!
Would you be someone that reads much poetry?
Lol not since High School but I know a little about it, like the Epic of Gilgamesh written in Sumerian
That's more than me.  I like to read but I don't enjoy poetry.  Nicole Cooley is a complete unknown to me.
Lol yea back in high school we had to read stuff like the Odyssey and illiad, personally I thought the stories were interesting but way too long
Yes, school was probably my last real interaction with poetry, I recall having to memorize a poem by Wordsworth, and having to recite it to the class.
That's sucks.  Some classes I took would make you write poems which I sucked at. I can't imagine ever writing a 274 line poem with 800 irregularly pronounced words like one poet did
I remember being very nervous about the recitation, I got very hot under the collar.  We had to wear shirt and ties to school, I distinctly remember the feeling.
too bad you weren't a viking, they though poetry was a gift from Odin. They probably wouldn't make you dress up for poetry recitation 
The vikings were a bit more casual in their dress.  I don't think they were too bothered about having the right label on their clothing, no Lacoste symbols on their chain-mail.
Yea and they didn't have to wear blue shirts at funerals like the pallbearers at Billy May's funeral
I think maybe I'll write a poem about how I hate reciting poetry, especially in a shirt and tie.
If it's really bad maybe Cs Lewis will read it at a laugh you lose competitions he has
To be honest I think I would find bad poetry more entertaining than good poetry.  
Yea, maybe that should of been an olympic event instead of regular poetry
Now you mention I do recall the were gold medal for poetry in the early days, I think for art as well.  I just read today that they want break dancing to be in the upcoming Olympics.
Break dancing as an Olympic event sounds pretty subjective but so was poetry, art, and music
I suppose it would be like the ice dancing, a bunch of judges making a evaluation.  Essentially an election.
Yea but apparently the faster blinker has lost every US presidential election since 1980 so maybe there is an objective way to judge candidates 
I can just see all the upcoming candidates getting blinking coaching to ensure they optimism their blinking for the American public.  It seems height plays a roll in elections too.
Must be why Hank the cat didn't win in the Virginia Senate election and only place third
That or there was too much blinking.  Do cats blink?  I'd like to see how a cat does in office.  Many would say better than we normally get.
Can't be worse. Well it was nice talking with you
Are you familiar with association football? Perhaps you know it better as soccer?
I used to play soccer! Yes. I usually watch the World Cup! What about you?
I too enjoy watching the FIFA world cup every four years
I'm not surprised that soccer generates more income than other major sports combined. The world loves soccer!
Personally I was a bit surprised by that fact. I knew soccer was popular, but it didn't seem as popular as other sports like football in America
Soccer will never be popular in the US. Maybe they need to bulid a special city, like in Qatar.The city set to host the 2022 Qatar  world cup final does not yet exist
Despite its popularity, the US mens team still haven't placed below third place in the world cup
The women's team? Yeah, they're good. Same with Japan. Much better than the men. Don't know why so many countries vie for the WC. There are no net economic gains for them.
I wouldn't say no economic gains. Their is prestige and bragging rights. I also think there are ways people make money off the world cup.
I think rich countries can take the hit, but Brazil? They had a stadium in the middle of nowhere. Poor countries should put money into infrastructure. It's great that German soccer player Mesut Ozil donated his victory bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil.
Despite making investments in stadiums, wouldn't Brazil make it up with prestige, tourism, and other related sources of revenue? I understand you point, but I just am not familiar enough to say.
I don't know. There is an underclass in Brazil that needs attention, and I think they love watching soccer, but I don't know if the wealth every reaches them. 
I see your point. On another not, did you know there a variation of soccer with 3 teams instead of 2 in a free for all? That sounds amazing
How many referees do they need? And are there 11 players on each team? Sounds like confusion.
I would still like to see it at least once. Sound chaotic, but in a good way
I wouldn't place a bet on a team until I knew more about it. Do you listen to the Beatles?
They have some amazing songs, despite not being about to read music
I do not know how, but The Beatles have the best selling album of the 2000's. I thought the kids would be listening to something else.
I think that the beatles still is a timeless classic. They even had an enormous following resulting in beatlemania
I think they were smart to stop touring. The amplification technology couldn't keep up with the screaming. Plus touring is really hard on you. Away from home for months. Seems tough.
I agree. In any case, it was wonderful chatting with you about the beatles
Yes! I enjoyed the chat! Have a good evening!
The same to you.
Hey there do you like poetry at all?
I like poetry.  I once saw that feminst poet who did a riff on that lou reed song. Someone told me to read Alice James
Yeah I've heard that's pretty good. I'll have to check it out. I also want to check out the poem that, when red normally is depressing, but when read backwards is actually a very inspiring thing to read
Thats a neat trick. Obviously it wont say "paul is dead". Speaking of tricks, i would like to check out trickster feminism.
It does sound interesting. Can you believe that Edgar Allan Poe only got like $10 for writing his famous poem The Raven. that is a travesty
Yeah. Mark Zuckerberg grey t-shirts cost 300-400 bucks. 
That's very strange. He's definitely over paying haha.. I would love to live in Hawaii where the famous official business suit is the Aloha shirt
Yeah, in contrast the brits only considered collared garments "shirts"
Haha I actually like that word a lot more than shirt. I also know that you can wear a tie underneath a shirt collar. I do that all the time for formal functions. What about you
a tie underneath a collar?  thats as strange as a dog winning a mayoral election
Yep I'd agree with that. Do you know the history of polo shirts?
well they cant be British since they have no cuffs
Haha good point. Created by a famous tennis player. So not by Polo players at all
interesting. wonder what sells more...polo shorts or calvin and hobbes t shirts
That's a great question. Did you know the difference between button up and button-down shirts?
no. which one was worn at billy mays funeral?
I'm not sure actually. But a button-down shirt is where the collar fastens to the body of the shirt. A button up shirt does not do that.
ah. that tells me something about buttoned up people
Did you hear about the popular Trend in China during the cultural revolution?
i can't imagine it was pleasant. 
Well they would layer as much clothing and shirts as they could and pop the collars. I bet that looked really weird haha
Hi, how areyou?
It is interesting how so many sports fans and players believe in curses and luck for whether they win or lose
Yes, well, I guess a lot is inexplicable in sports. The luck factor is one that fans believe they have some influence over.
Yes.  I do love how the Cub's curse of the Billy Goat was finally broken last year.
The Cub's were like the Red Sox. The more they believed in a curse, the more powerful the curse seemed. 
The Germans at least admitted to cocky arrogance when they lost to South Korea in the World Cup - rather than blaming it on divine internvention
The US took 3rd place in the first World Cup in 1930. Its been downhill ever since. Is there a curse? Probably not arrogance, because the sport isn't that popular in the US.
That is very true.  The European countries have a lot of political stuff going on right now, so they rely in their abilities in soccer to cope sometimes.
I think that emotion trumps logic and economic gain in these countries.There are no economic gains for the countries that have played host to the WC. 
Yes.  And many of the countries that do well in the cup - like Uruguay are not exactly superpowers.  It is a game like no other.
Yes, tiny countries can dominate. The Hungarian national football team had one defeat between 1950 and 1956, and that was the World Cup final.
Yes and in the last 5 tournaments, the defending champion has been eliminated in the group phase 4 times.
The sport draws a lot of fans and generates a lot of income. Soccer makes more  than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined. I guess the fortunes of teams vary quite a bit in that environment.
Yes and some countries have players from other countries on their teams.  Plus many of the big champions have gotten trounced by much smaller countries.
I'm impressed by the largess of some of the players though. German player Mesut Ozil donated his World Cup  bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil. 
That is awesome!  That was very nice of him.  Did you know that the city that is going to host the 2022 final does not even exist yet?
Qatar is rich, so I guess they can put up a city pretty fast, especially with labor from the subcontinent.
Yes but that world cup is going to have major problems with heat I suspect!
Very true. I think the fix was in when Qatar was chosen. Money changed hands.
I wonder if the Beetles were into soccer?   They are one of my favorite bands ever.
I suppose they were. They were British. They had no choice in the matter. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
Yes it is crazy that they were so popular that they had to stop touring because the current amps could not keep up with the screaming!
Hi, how are you?
I've been writing some poetry tonight - did you know writing poetry was once an olympic sport?
I had no idea. How are you doing? Are you going for the gold?
I would do great, but probably only in a you laugh you lose competition like CS Lewis and Tolkien used to play
Are your poems depressing when read forward but inspiring when read backwards?
No, mine are more like the chaos which is 274 lines of hard to pronounce words!
Did you just write the japanese alphabet?
That is a complicated alphabet but I do not know it
When recited in order, it does form a poem. Hopefully they got more than $9 for it.
Oh Interesting I did not know that.  I have been busy following who all is going to be running in the next election
Really! I love politics. Who do you think will be in the next election?
I am from Texas and I love Beto O'Rourke.  I hope he wons for president and wins the election - I just wish I could vote by mail like they do in Oregon
That would make life easier! Serious question, did Beto ever win a state election? I know he lost to someone but cannot remember who and that was national.
Yes he served in the US House for 6 years.   He lost to Ted Cruz for Senate this year but just barely.  
That's it. I heard he said he was willing to serve as VP if he didn't win the presidency.
Yes he is amazing.  I think he would even beat the cat named Hank who finished 3rd in a Virginia Senate Election.
Nevada is the only state to have a "none of the above" as an option? Why not just skip it?
I would like that because it would let me voice my distaste for both candidates.  I personally would probably vote for a dog - one served as mayor for 13 years!
Man, that dog lived a long time! 13 years as a mayor!?!?!?!
Politics must have suited him!   I wonder if they made him wear a shirt to the office?
Nice chatting with you!
Do you like poetry?
I like poetry but don't read it as much as I think I should. But it's amazing. Poetry can express so much emotion on so many different topics. Do you like it?
I like it yeah, I think that it expressed feelings in a unique way, 
I agree. Have you ever heard of Nicole Cooley (aka Alice James)? She has some great poetry out there. Very unique
I have actually, Of Marriage is one of her popular poems right?
Yes it is. It's about her own experience with her marriage, and it's really good. It's really cool with her use of unexpected line breaks
Yeah being legally and emotionally bound to a person, thats something I can understand, she has a great writting style
Yeah, and so does Elizabeth Spires. She wrote a piece that raises really important questions about identity and memory and death
I havent heard about her, I might Google that poem later sounds interesting, 
It definitely is. And Anne Waldman wrote a collection called "Trickster Feminism" about feminism and the people who want to take women down
I thought that one was great, she won an award because of the poem right? I heard she is an award winning activist
Yeah I think she is. She wrote a great piece about the 2016 election. Do you know anything about elections? 
yeah a bit, the talle candidate seems to win most of the times, interesting stat
Yeah that's so weird. Maybe that's why Trump won the election in 2016. Did you know that voter turnout has been less than 2/3's of the population for the last HUNDRED years?
Wow I agree with you that can be the reason, Nevada has a none of these candidates option
I wonder why that is. If you don't like any of the candidates, then why do you go to vote?
I know right, just stay at home an avoid voting, it would be funny if that option won though
Yeah, that would be so strange. Do you like fashion at all? I think it's pretty interesting but I'm not that informed. I know that in China, gangs would layer as many shirts as possible and pop their collars during the cultural revolution as a fashion statement.
I do like fashion, and that is interesting, do you like to wear polo shirts?
I don't think I've ever worn a polo shirt. But did you know that originally polo shirts were invented for tennis players, and only later were they worn by actual polo players?
I didnt know that, all this time wearing polo shirts and I just found out about that, great fact, thanks. 
Hi, how are you? Are you a soccer fan at all?
Yes, i am.  Do you know that soccer players run an average of 7 miles in a game?
Yeah I've heard it was something crazy like that. Do you root for a team in the World Cup?
Usually England.  How about yourself?
England? Booo! I root for the U.S. men's team when they actually make it. It hasn't been a good run for men's squad recently.
I am a proud American so of course i root for the U.S. men's team but when they get knocked out I switch to England.
Ah I see. I'm with you. I rooted for England last World Cup actually too. At least the U.S. women's team is awesome, eh?
Yeah, they sure are awesome.  Can you believe the super bowl is smaller than soccer's third biggest event?
It's hard to believe, but soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball and hockey combined so it makes sense. Only the US and Canada care about football really. The rest of the world loves soccer.
I love watching soccer.  The anticipation when the ball is getting close to the goal and hoping (or dreading) that a goal might be coming
Me too. I think soccer and hockey are the best two sports to watch. The action and movement is constant. I wonder if the 2022 World Cup will still be in Qatar.
I don't know.  The awarding process is so corrupt.  I think they have a ways to go on the infrastructure.  I heard they are trying to make an air condition stadium that are solar powered.
Yeah apparently there have been huge human violent rights and labor rights violations where they are building for the World Cup in Qatar. I thought they might have changed the venue.
They shouldn't have got it in the first place.  It is too hot there for starters.  Soccer is definitely the world's most popular sport.  Did you that over 46 percent of the world population watched the 2010 fifa world cup?
That's insane, billions of people. It's weird Qatar is building so much when there aren't really any net economic gains for hosting the World Cup. Weird.
Same thing for the Olympics.  Some of the old Olympics sites are decaying ghost towns
I just saw the old site in Barcelona last year. They actually turned it into something decent. A bunch of restaurants on the beach and a boardwalk.
That is awesome.  I saw a slideshow recently about a few of the abandoned Olympic sites.  There was one in Russia, one in eastern Europe and perhaps one in Canada, very sad
Interesting, was the one in Russia the recent one?
Yes, I think it was Sochi (spelling?)
Yes, where Germany got knocked out of by the South Koreans lol. I believe France won.
I think you are right.  Do you think the U S men team will get better in the near future?
I hope so. I kind of agree when people say that the best athletes in the US don't play soccer. There's not enough money in it here.
Good point.  Hey it was nice talking with you
Thanks, you too.
bye
Many people think it was a good thing that Trump didn't attend Barbara Bush's funeral
Hes the President,  he wanted to golf instead.  He pretty much can do whatever he wants lol did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house?  
I guess the actual White House is more for politics rather than housing guests. Still, I don't get the whole obsession with gold. Babe Ruth, on the other hand, is the country's most famous golfer
Its really interesting that an average american golf course consumes 312,000 gallons of water per day!
Well, considering that land is larger than both Delaware and Rhode Island together, that's not surprising
thats all the courses combined thoug.  an average gold course consumes 312,000 gallons a day,  times that by how many courses are in america!
Which still seems like nothing compared to the golf course that requires 4,000,000 gallons a day. That course is in Dubai
Right,  that is a lot just for a gold course. 
People love their gold. It's even in Samuel L Jackson's film contracts that he can play golf twice a week while in production for movies
That must be nice!  Choosing your schedule where you can golf twice a week.  I would go snowboarding lol 
Everyone has their preferences. Apparently most people prefer listening to songs in major keys because Kanye's song Gold Digger is the only minor key song in the ten most successful songs of all time
I honestly dont find any of his songs good and I think his personality,  at least what he puts out there,  is really annoying.  I think its weird that he believes that aids is a man made disease. 
I'm not sure what he even means by man-made. He has his good sides though because during one of his concerts, he gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair
Man made,  like this disease was made in a lab and  given to the public. Remember when he took over taylor swifts award speech and ranted on about something during her time on camera. 
What's funny is that two years before that incident, he did a SNL skit skit mocking himself doing that exact thing
That is pretty ironic.  Maybe it was planned lol 
Probably not. Still, he's had an influence on music and even cultural movements at a large level. 
I know people keep saying that lol How is he an influence on music?  what makes people say hes contributed to these cultural movements?
He's made changes in styles, and in addition, he's a record producer. Kanye signed Big Sean, who had a 3.7 GPA and had a scholarship he turned down to pursue music
That doesnt seem like a hug influence in music though,  people sign up artist all the time on their music labels. 
He's incorporated a lot of different genres in developing hip hop
do you know much about politics?
I know some stuff. Republican presidents seem to have a beard
Nice. THe president has either been a republican or a democrat since 1853
Yeah I guess we do not hear of other parties much
True. Do you know when they started using the red and blue colors?
Yes that was pretty recent, in 2000s
Yeah I though it was something that was always the case to be honest
Me too. Did you know Truman refused to be photographed in the dumbo ride?
Yes he did not want to be associated with the republicans
Yeah that was pretty exptreme though if you ask me
True. Do you know what is the other name for the republican party?
Yes it is know as GOP, Grand OLd Party

Yea. DO you like Kanye West?
Somewhat. He has one of the most successful songs though
Yes that is the Gold Digger song which is in minor key
Yeah. He believes that AIDS is a man made disease
Wow. But on the other hand he once gave his mic to a fan on a wheelchair
That is nice of him. Did you know he has Big Sean signed under his label?
Yes and he was a great student in university before that
Yupp. It was nice chatting with you
Same here
I think Trump should've have paid his respects to Bush by going to his funeral even if he did not know him or never met him, what do you think?
I think that it was a good idea for him not to show up.
How come?
He might not have felt he belonged.
I see. I think Melania Trump was captured in the photo that represented power.
Melania Trump is an appropriate representation at a funeral, I worry her husband would not have had as much decorum.  
Haha, that is true. I did not know that the Republican Party was also referred to as the Grand Old Party or GOP
I didn't always agree with George Bush or Barack Obama on policy, but I think they represented the office of the president admirably. 
I 100% agree with you on that. Trump seems to care about nothing, even when he's presented with reasonable compromises on issues, he prefers to leave them as problems as opposed to angering his supporters.
I'm glad he played golf at Mar-a-Lago instead of attending the funeral. The less I see of him, the better. 
Haha, speaking of golf, did you know that the average golf course consumes around 312000 gallons of water per day?!
That's such a waste.
It really is a waste, especially the golf course in Dubai that needs 4,000,000 gallons of water a day! 
Do you think Trump should build a wall along the Mexican Border ?
No, to me it's a waste of resources. What do you think?
I'm surprised he reopened the government, it really upset his base of supporters that want the wall built. 
According to the news, it seems like the shutdown cost the US more money than what he was asking for to build the wall.
I disagree with most of Trump's policies.
I just can't believe there are so many people who idolize him or at least support him to lead the country. I think Kanye West is Trump's supporter.
I think it's time for an independent candidate to get elected as president. Don't think we've had one since the 1800's.  
Well, there was talk on the news that Howard Schultz would be running as an independent candidate for the next election. I think I'd support him if he ran for office.
I think I would vote for him too.
Did you see any of the "Incredibles" movies?
I did, I saw both actually, I like the director Brad Bird he does a good job, what bout you?
I like them both, but it was a long time between the first and the second.
ya it was, I liked Sam Jackson's role in that playing Frozone though
Well, he is good in anything so he was good in both of them.  They couldn't keep the kids though because of the long time between them.
right that makes sense, I remember in the first movie, they had to develop a bunch of new technology to make that movie possible for the hair, skin, and clothes
There was 14 years between them, so of course things changed. The first one was based on a video game that was 13 years before the first.
ah that is interesting, what do you think of domino masks? those are the masks all the incredibles wear?
I guess most superheros and superheroines wear those, but it was good to have some females, and a nice depiction of family life. 
ya I think so, do you like any other superheros? there is a book coming out on actually becoming a real life Batman haha
I think "Normalman" is the funniest one, he is on a planet of superheroes, and is the only one without a power.
haha that is a good concept, did you hear about Pet Force btw?
Well, there are over 300 registered superheroes in the US, is that one of them?
haha I don't know, but pet force is a Garfield spinoff and it has Garfield and his friends as superheroes, sounds cool to me!
Is it a movie? If so who made it? I know Disney and Pixar have done some of the recent superhero animations.
ya I think it was just a comic, but I would have loved a movie! Kind of Crazy Stan Lee was going to change careers initially, good thing he didnt!
I am glad he created Marvel! What was his other possible career?
I'm not sure, but he didn't switch when he was finally given creative control for making his own superhero characters like the hulk, obviously important haah
Is the hulk a superhero or a supervillain? Superheroes can be so destructive that they made a series about the damage made by superheroes and how to fix it.
haha that is funny, but makes a good point, and ya I don't know he could probably be both, did you ever have a fish as a kid
I never had a pet fish, but I have eaten some of the gill bearing aquatic animals for dinner.
haha yes I had salmon tonight myself, I guess the oldest goldfish ever was 43 years old!
Jellyfish though take the prize for age. There is one breed though to be immortal.
ya you're right, theyre also 98% water so they can easily evaporate unfortunately
Being immortal is good and all, but you can still die other ways. I'm not sure that jellyfish are actual fish though.
No I don't think so, but there is a weird fish, it lives on land all of it's life, very strange!
hey there, do you like movies?
I do. I really enjoy Superhero movies and comics
Nice. Have you seen the Incredibles movies?
I've only seen the first one. I haven't seen the 2018 Incredibles 2 yet. 
Nice, me either but the first one was fun to watch. Do you know who was the voice of Edna Mode
yes, it's actually a guy! Brad Bird. 
I still wonder how they were not able to find a woman to play it
I assume he had something very specific in mind for the character. He seems very eccentric as a director. 
True, he only hired people that he thought would quit or be fired from Pixar.
I don't understand the intention behind that. But it is definitely interesting. Superhero writers are known for weird things though. There is, for instance, a superhero called normalman
Haha what is this superhero's superpower?
He has none! He's the only man on a superhero planet without powers. 
Oh okay I guess that is why the name. I wonder if anyone thinks about the collateral damage superheroes cause?
Actually yes. There's also a comic about that. 
Nice, I wonder what the estimate is there in damages. At least they save us. 
Haha that is true. There are over 300 registered US superheros so there is a lot of damage to recover from
Yupp. Stan Lee alone maybe created more than half of them
Possibly. He wrote 15 DC comics too! 
The man was a legend. There is even a Garfield book called Pet Force, where Garfield and his gang are superheroes!
He is definitely much missed in the comic world. He was a super hero himself in a way
That is so true. It was nice chatting with you
Are you a superhero fan?
I was once, but the world turned against me. Now, I am a superhero fan incognito... You?
 I like them, but I am not into all the lore and everything.
Are you a fan of the best animated movie of 2018?
Which one is that?
Why, Incredibles 2 of course!
I havent seen it.  I am living under a rock.  It has been a long time since the first one I feel.
Yeah, the first one came out in 2004. That's a long time between installments, especially for such a successful first film!
I think there was a video game in the mean time.
True, but this is the first full-length film since the original!  The director, Brad Bird postponed the development of the sequel film to work on other projects.
Hopefully it can really live up to the hype.  Bird also voiced a character in the film, Edna Mode.
He sure did!  The film has gotten high praise for its animation, voice acting, humor, action sequences, and musical score. Any one of those makes the sequel a good bet for a great time!
Yeah, I hear Michael Giacchino was back to score again.
Yup, and I just love the work of Holly Hunter and Craig T Nelson too!
They are pretty incredible.  No pun intended.
Did you know that there was a comic series written about cleaning up collateral damage caused by superheroes? Pretty creative!
I bet that would be fun to read, that is one thing super heroes always do, destroy everything, all in the name of saving the planet.
My favorite superhero fish is the Black Swallower!  Its superpower is that it can swallow up to 10 times its own weight!
That is awesome!  I am a bit fan of Deadpool!
I am unfamiliar wit that character. Is it a fish too?  My second favorite fish superhero is The Seahorse... As the only fish wit a neck, it stands out from the rest!
Nope, he is just a regular superhero who is extremely sarcastic.  But I'd be that Jellyfish that is immortal.  That sounds cool!
But what is the superpower?  Surviving the Cambrian extinction?  Well, I am off to eat some fish for dinner. Have a nice evening!
You too!
Hi, how are you?
I'm fine! How about yourself? 
Well, thanks! Did anything seem interesting in your article?
I'm astonished that Einstein was good at music. He played two instruments.
That's impressive. You usually don't see a math/science guy with a music side. Nice combo. 
He probably could have gone pro if it hadn't been for that pesky science career.
I'm glad he ended up on his feet. This science career might work out for him if he really tries...
I'm also surprised that modern violins are preferred to the old expensive ones. I wonder what the difference is. Better materials?
I thought the old ones were really expensive. Maybe just the stravarious's. I know those go for millions!
I wonder if they are easier to play. I want to listen to the piece that Haydn wrote, where the musicians gradually leave the stage.
Were they going on strike? In 2002 a Creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band. That's gotta be a bad show!
I guess Creed must've been high or out of practice. I've been to bad concerts, but I never thought about suing.
I remember this and he laid on the stage for like 1 hour silent and then called it artist interpretation... 
Yes, that's EXACTLY what the audience paid for. The Ramones know how to do it. Over 2000 concerts? I wonder when they slept.
After the copious amount of drugs and alcohol wore off. They were crazy! I would be afraid to got to their shows and I'm 6'6" and 250 pounds!
They could have hired you as a stage bouncer. Just leather up and grease your hair back. People would respect you. What about Linkin Park? Have you seen them?
Except if someone with a Napoleon Complex tries me, I would be the worst bouncer in the world. Trust me, drunk short people tried me all the time in my younger days.
Ok, then you could see Pink Floyd when they play Pompeii. No risk there.
At least there wouldn't be idiots yelling out MONEY!!!
Maybe it's the same idiots at every concert yelling out the same stuff. Whipping post!
Nice chatting with you!
Hi Do you like going to concerts or watching them online?
Yes I love concert! I saw Linkin Park a lot, but I did not see them 324 times in a year LOL that's how many times they toured back in 2001
That must have been after their released their highly succesful debut album.  Did you ever see the Ramones?
Yes I did, they tour are a lot too! they did over 2000 concerts in only 20 years
Wow.  That's a lot of touring.  In Croatia, there is still an ancient Roman amphiteatre that is still used for concerts.  That would be a neat place to see a show in.
Yes I wish I could have seen the Pink Floyd concert at the Roman Amphitheatre, that was in Pompeii though and back in 1972
Wow.  Wonder if there's any video of that?  In 2002 Creed played a show that was so bad that 4 of the people in the crowd filed a lawsuit against the band.  Yikes!
That would be embarrassing! Remind me never to watch a Creed concert LOL. Do you like classical music by the way
lol  I've found a like it more the more that I've gotten older.
Yeah me too. I actually play classical music on the piano. Did you know that classical music concerts can have really wild audiences while they are performing
Awesome that you play!  I can't get my fingers in tune with my mind to play.  lol  I didn't know that about audiences.  I always pictured really quiet audiences.  In 2011 a computer composed a piece of contemporary classical music.
That is cool, it's funny to that in Australia there is a mall that will play classical music to scare teenagers away LOL that way they don't loiter
That's funny!  lol  There's a man named Arthur Lintgen and he can correctly identify a piece of classical music by analyzing the grooves on a vinyl record.  That's pretty incredible!
That is definitely a talent! And like I mentioned, apparently a city will also use classical music to deter crime, that's what they should have used instead of Robocop LOL
lol yes!  Did you ever try to play the violin?
I have a violin but I can't play it, what about you?
I never did.  My daughter too lessons at one time.  She gave it up sadly.  There is a violin made out of stone that is fully playable.  Wonder how it sounds?
Yes I wonder that as well. I also wonder how Albert Einstein sounded playing violins, apparently he was really good at it as well as being a genius
He was pretty gifted.  He could also play the piano!
That is incredible! Did you know that Larry from The Three Stooges could actually play the violin really well? They are going to send him to the conservatory
Wow.  I never knew that!  It was nice chatting with you!
Do you like to go to concerts? 
Yeah, but I don't have much money and I don't know many musicians, especially contemporary music like John Corigliano.  
Did you know that Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone? 
No, what was the name of the tour and I don't know them very much, they seems as popular as ABBA. 
I've never heard of ABBA. Who is that? 
They are a Swedish band, very popular in the disco era, they recently turned down a 1 billion offer to reunite. I guess they don't like each other anymore.  
I've never heard of them. Interesting, did you know that the Ramones played 2,263 concerts? 
That is a lot, in how many years they did this ?
It took them about 20 years. 
That is around 100 concerts per year, it is a lot but it is doable. I hope they don't play as loud as Deep Purple.  
Do they play really loud? 
They have the world record for the loudest concert, 3 people in the crowd lost consciousness because it was too loud. The Foo Fighters also give loud concert. 
Interesting. I didn't know that. Did they get in trouble? I've seen the Foo Fighters. 
The Foo Fighters did not get in troubles, but they gave a concert so loud that it showed on seismic monitors. 
Yeah, I like Dave Grohl, have you seen them live? 
No, never, but I have heard that Dave Grohl is a good musician.  Have you seen the Foo Fighters in concert ?  
Yeah, I saw them and I've seen Dave Grohl play with Queens of the Soned Age also.
That must have a been a loud concert as opposed to the 2010 Lou Reed's concert for dogs.  
Yeah, it was actually pretty good. I'm a big fan. Well, nice chatting with you. 
You too, I wish you plenty of concerts. Maybe you you try classical music, studies have shown that people who like heavy metal and people who like classical have similar tastes. 
Take it easy, have a good rest of the day. 
Are You a fan of Linking Park band ? ;)
Absolutely!  Pretty sad about their lead singer Chester Bennington though.  
Yes... he had an amazing voice... did You hear that due to the success of their debut album, linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone ?
I did,  thats amazing! The ramones played a total of 2,263 concerts...they toured almost non stop for over 20 years.  That must be tiring! and fun! 
Hey :) what happens on a tour stays on a tour :) but realistically they could get married on a tour and have a happy 20 years together ! :) lol
In croatia, there is an ancient roman amphitheatre that is still in use as a concert venue
wow, that's something I would like to see. And during the concert I wonder what sound acoustic does that place have :)
Probably amazing! In 2002 a creed concert was so bad that four concert goers filed a lawsuit against the band
bad meaning the performance ? Or maybe too loud or something ?
Could mean a lot of things,  the fact doesn't go into too much detail. 
In 1972, pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii...with no audience - did You see the DVD ? I loved it ;)
No I didn't.  Good to know though! Classical music concerts had loud, moving, wild audiences during the performance.
The one in Pompei was quite psychodelical :) not everybody like something like that ;)
haha that would be trippy. A man named arthur lintgen can correctly identify a piece of classical music by simply analyzing the grooves on a vinyl record.
Sounds like a scam ;) sorry, that's one of those things I would have to see to believe :)
Maybe,  I wouldn't know if he was lying or not though,  because I know nothing about classical music lol A shopping center in australia is using classical music to stop teenagers from loitering
ok  - how the heck does that work ? Teenagers don't like this music, but it's not scary or anything like that :)
Maybe they put that frequency in it that makes humans feel fear
Or maybe they hit that mystique tone that makes all humans poop ;) lol 
Oh geea,  I feel bad for those teenagers ! In 2011 a computer composed a piece of contemporary classical music.
I don't believe a machine can create music on a decent quality level...
Maybe.
Alright, it was great chatting with You !
You too! 
Have a great night ;)
Hello!  did you know that months before Apollo 11 NASA had seriously considered placing a UN instead of an American flag on the mood?
Good morning! No, I did not know that! Very interesting.
I didn't either!  The highest point on the moon is 1938 meters higher than Mt. Everest!  Looks like we'll be learning of new things about the moon today.  lol
I wonder if anyone has been to the top? Do you know what the average age was of mission control during the first moon landing?
I doubt it! lol  ...and I have no idea.
The average age was 28. Even back then I bet that generation wasn't getting the credit they deserved!
lol I bet not.  Phobos, which is the largest moon around Mars is one third hollow!
Oh, that is weird. Surprisingly there is an asteroid with its own moon in our solar system.
That sounds creepy.  There is evidence of methane based life on Titan, a moon of Saturn.
That's even creepier! Strange moon rock fact, astronauts from Apollo 11 had to declare moon rocks through customs upon return to Earth! 
Now that's funny!  How ridiculous though they made them do that.  Do you like birds?
Yes, I love birds. I feed them all the time. Odd that birds have regional accents.
I didn't know that.  That's pretty interesting!
Well, if you like interesting bird facts, here's another: Pigeons are one of 3 birds that produce milk for their young! So, what about you, do you like birds?
Wha!  I didn't know that.  Yes I do.  I have a pigeon fact....The extinct dodo bird is actually a sub-family of pigeon.
Oh, that is interesting. Did you know that crows are among the most intelligent of birds?
That I've heard before.  I find it amazing that some birds can migrate from Alaska to Northern Mexico without sleeping.
That's amazing. It would be interesting to hear crows imitate human speech since they are capable of doing so.
That would be neat!  I wonder why people don't like crows?  In most birds, their bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers!
That would make sense since they can fly. They wouldn't be able to be too heavy. 
Yes!  Wish I was like that so I could fly!  lol  It's been nice chatting with!
Yes, it's been nice chatting with you as well. Have a good day.
Hey there do you like the moon? I like looking outside right now and seeing it because it's so pretty
It is pretty incredible.  The highest point on the moon is 1938 M higher than Mt Everest!
That is amazing! I'm just shocked they were going to put a for the UN instead of the American flag on the moon initially
I know.  It would kinda defeat the point of the Space Race.
Yep I agree with you. Did you know that Moon dust is actually very powerful and harmful to humans, it could even cut through Kevlar
Wow.  I am surprised they havent tried to use it to make something stronger than Kevlar then, but if humans couldnt touch it it would do us little good.
Yep that's true. What do you think about Saturn's moon? It's called Titan and there may be evidence that there is life on there actually
I think that is awesome, although it is methane based life, and other life in the universe could be an amazing thing.
I still think it would be interesting to find life in outer space LOL. What do you think about Birds by the way? I love that they are delicious like the chicken I just ate
Birds are tasty.  LOL  I think it is neat that hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to fix their nests..
I think so, I wonder how the birds of Australia can mimic certain sounds, like they can sound like a camera or a car alarm LOL that's crazy
That would be funny to hear.  A bird sounding just like a car alarm. 
Yeah or even a chainsaw LOL that would scare me LOL
For real, imagine that flying at you.  Id be running. lol
On a different topic what do you think about YouTube? I use YouTube almost everyday
I use it so much!  I even use it as a teaching tool!
That's cool what kind of teaching? It's crazy that it was started by only a couple of people back in 2005 and then sold to Google in 2006 for at 1.65 billion dollars
General Music.  So many great videos, the kids love the how its made videos.
Oh that makes sense. What is crazy is that YouTube is the second largest search engine on the internet and YouTube and Netflix together make up half of all internet traffic
Id believe it.  Gangnam style got so many views they had to update the view counter.
LOL you're right about that, I remember when everyone is watching that, what do you think about the police version of YouTube called Bluetube?
Do you use youtube?
Yes i do. It is the second largest search engine on the net
Weird how I never thought of youtube as a search engine like google or bing
It is actually a subsidiary of Google! Maybe that is why. It was purchased in 2006 for 1.65 billion
Youtube was purchased by google?
Yes it was. And was actually created by 3 former Paypal employees
That is cool. I never new that
Netflix and Youtube make up half of peak internet traffic. Thats a lot of eyes!
I wouldn't be surprised
Gangnam style got so many views they had to change the view counter
And justin bieber's baby is the most hated
It was recently surpassed by Youtubes own video this passed year. Peopple must have really hated it to dislike it more than baby!
Did you know the police their own youtube called blutube?
I did not. There really should be a space one. I would love to see more things about the moon
Did you know moon dust is harmful to humans?
It also cuts through kevlar. Thats really scary
And causes moon hay fever
I wonder what has more epic views. Mt everest, or the highest point on the moon
I think both would be mind blowing
Our moon is the fifth largest in the solar system. How cool
Did you know nasa considered putting a un flag instead of the american one on the moon?
have a great day!
Hello. How are you.
Hi I am good! How about you?
Doing great, thanks. I did not know that YouTube was created on 2005. I thought it was 2000
Oh wow, I didn't know that either! It's a good place to watch video's and learn about anything! I love Youtube.
Me too and my toddler is addicted to it which I don't think is good. Justin Bieber's baby song is the most disliked video on youtube? how crazy is that? I though young people love Bieber
Really? I thought that was one of his biggest hits! It is crazy that Youtube is the 2nd largest search engine on the net, that's huge!
I know, it was really big few years ago. 2nd is a big deal since there are ton of search engine out there.
I know! And it's kinda funny but smart that The Police actually have their own youtube called blutube....very smart!
Yeah, it is worth checking out. My husband like like that information since he is a fan of Cops. I still remember when Psy's gangnam style era, we use to dance that song like crazy.
Oh cool I will check it out! That song was so popular, I remember!  I didn't know that Google bought Youtube, for 1.65 billion! That's a lot of money
Yeah it was a good move for Google, I bet YouTube is worth way more now. People use it all the time.
Oh yeah, Youtube has to be worth billions now, it has grown so much! You can literally find anything on there. I have learned a lot by Googling youtube videos. 
Yep, I actually fix our garage door by watching a video on YouTube. I did not know Einstein can play piano and violin. 
That's good to know! Very interesting. In 2006       a group of people reached the top of britain's highest mountain and found a piano!!! That's odd lol
Lol yeah it is odd. How can a piano get in there? 
I don't know hahahaa, that's like a huge mystery. I may have to look that up lol!    I used to play Piano but I also wanted to play the Violin but never did, I love the sound so much.
Yeah, I play a little bit when I was a child but it was not for me, my fingers are short lol. 
Really? I have very long fingers lol. I need to start playing again. Did you know there is a violin that is made of stone...and it is 100% playable, how interesting!
I imagine it will be uncomfortable to play, weight and all. 
Definitely! My granddaughter just started playing the violin, it can be so nerve wracking lol but she's only 9. 
Wow that great, I believe it is good to start kids early when learning musical instrument. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day.
Have agreat day!
Are you a fan of youtube?
Yes, although I do not like the recent changes they have made to their website.
Which changes were those, I must have missed them
They did some changes to how their algorithms work, and so far the community has hated it, but Youtube is doing anything despite all the hate they're getting.
dang, I wonder if it will be worth it in the end. Were you into the gangnam style craze years back?
I have to admit the song was catchy, and I did enjoy it. In fact, the video got so much views youtube had to upgrade the view count integer.
Right I hated the dance craze, but very catchy. It almost broke youtube with that!
Well Youtube is a very large service, it is the second largest search engine on the internet.
wow, I didn't know that. I bet it is behind Google, I think Google owns it
Google does, there are also other media cooperations that have partnerships with youtube.
Nice that is awesome. Were you one of the many people who disliked Baby by Justin Bieber?
No, but the dislike count seems to be doing fine without me, Baby is the most disliked video on Youtube.
I was one of the dislikers lol, terrible song. Do you play any instruments?
No, but I do look up to people who do, especially the violin or piano. Their hands must be very tired after playing!
I used to play piano, but I am not too good anymore. IT may be like riding a bike but don't have the time anymore. 
Well, I sometimes listen to electric violins in rock music or jazz fusion.
That sounds really awesome, electric violins? 
Ya, they may not be made of wood, and they can have a electric pickup, amplifier and speaker.
I want to youtube some of those, that interests me a lot! It was so nice chatting with you!
You too, have a nice day!
Thanks you also!
Do you watch youtube?
I do!  You can truly find anything on there!
Right, it is the second largest search engine right after google
It definitely accounts for a lot of traffic, along with Netflix it is 50%
wow, that is a lot of internet traffic! Were you ever into the gangnam style phase?
Eh, not really.  I maybe watched it once.
Yea me too, I had to dance in front of everyone at a wedding, it was not my proud moment in my life. Apparently that song almost broke youtube
I wonder if it has more likes than Justin Beiber's Baby has dislikes.
Not quite, I heard that is the worst liked song ever on youtube, i agree! lol
Same here.  It is pretty bad!
for sure lol! Did you know police have their own youtube for their job called blutube.
I heard that.  I guess they post training videos there.  Pretty cool.
that is cool. Do you watch bird videos on youtube at all. I like birds
My favorite bird is the dodo bird!  
That bird was awesome, sad it is extinct now. I think pigeons are related somehow
That would explain a lot.  Did you hear about those wild birds in alaksa
I did, don't they migrate to mexcio or something?
Yeah, they so it without sleeping too!  Pretty crazy
No way! I can't drive an hour without wanting to sleep lol. It was so nice chatting with you!
Same here!  Great Chat!  Have a nice day!
You too, enjoy your day!
Hi, how are you doing on this peaceful evening on the Internet?
Hello, just wonder if I can sing like the 7 year old girl who was brave enough to sing the national anthem at the MLS game, can you sing?
I sing so bad that I have been banned by local gov't from doing it. I think if I sang at an MLB game, the umpire would eject me.
Lol, I know how you feel but that doesn't stop me from singing privately! Even with terrible voices, people are still brave enough to post themselves singing on Youtube, I guess nothing will stop them from wanting to be superstars.
It would not make me money, just make me a laughingstock. I will restrict my singing to the shower. Kudos to the little girl for her bravery though.
Yeah I agree, did you know that YouTube is the second largest search engine on the internet?! Come to think of it, I think that's how Justin Bieber was discovered, I wonder what people search for on there.
People are looking for videos of themselves singing, no doubt. Bieber has the most disliked vid on there. Does he care? No.
I know I'm guilty of being one of those contributors to peak internet traffic for Netflix and YouTube. Speaking of, the police have their own YouTube called BluTube where they share law enforcement videos, is that legal?
I'm sure it is.
Oh ok, I think I prefer to watch videos of piano performances since its much more dramatic. BBC even decided that since there were no news worth reporting, they just went ahead and played piano music instead. I think some news channels should do that when they run out of quality material to report.
The Fox News report turned into a piano recital. Maybe Fox would use Liberace. 
Maybe. Do you play any instruments?
No, I don't. I do like the piano and violin. 
Me too, I didn't know the violin was also called a fiddle, it's even made from wood, how expensive do you think they are?
I would guess quite expensive, depending on the age. I think kids rent them because of the cost. 
Oh ok, that seems a  bit more logical since kids may not continue playing after they realize it actually requires a lot of effort into learning how to play an instrument unless you're Albert Einstein who was also a musical genius as well
Einstein was an artist. I think drawing on both sides of the brain is important. I respect him. He probably wasn't as funny as Larry Fine though.
I'm not familiar with Larry Fine, was he a comedian and is that a stage name?
He was in the Three Stooges. He played the violin quite well. He was a comedy genius, but not so good at science.
Oh ok, that makes more sense now. I don't think electric violins are as popular as the traditional violins, which one do you like more?
Traditional ones seem appropriate for most settings. I guess if you're playing heavy metal, you need amplification.
I also like the traditional violins as well though I am curious to hear what the violin made solely out of stone that is fully playable sounds like.
Hey there! I've been browsing YouTube ALL DAY. So bored! How about you?
I actually watched the new Mortal Kombat trailer on youtube today, it's cool that youtube allows exclusive content on their platform
Yeah, YouTube is super popular. It's the second largest search engine on the net.
Yea, each minute 400 hours of content is uploaded onto youtube, and most of it sucks lol
Yeah, but still so many people visit YouTube. Youtube and Netflix make up half of the internet traffic in North America. Wild.
Yea, it's pretty cool Baby by Justin Bieber is the most disliked video on youtube
Now THAT'S a pretty useless video. I like to watch educational videos, actually. I like to watch videos about space, the moon...things like that.
Yea I love reading about that stuff, did you know the apollo 11 astronauts considered placing a UN flag on the moon instead of the US?
I did not, but that sounds interesting. I like space because there's so much we don't know about it. I guess methane was just discovered on Saturn's moon, though!
Yea, I hope we are able to discover life one day on one of Saturn's moons
Me too. Flying all the way up there, even with a satellite, is incredibly expensive and time-consuming.
And dangerous too. The dust on Earth's moon can cut through Kevlar-like material and cause moon hay fever
Oh no! Had no idea about that. Maybe ONE DAY we'll discover some more cool things about space!
Yea, I'd love to find out more about Phobos, it is one third hollow, very strange for a moon
Funny that you mention hollow, because I just read a fact the other day that said that birds' bones are so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers...
Birds are such cool animals, especially Hummingbirds, they steal spider webs for their nests
I think it's especially interesting to read about migrating birds.
Yea, there are some birds that fly from Alaska to northern Mexico without sleeping
Aviation has always been so fascinating to me. Between birds, outer space, and planes, my mind is always blown!
Yea I love learning about birds and how they evolved from dinosaurs
Which is why YouTube is so useful at times!
Sometimes. Well it was nice talking with you, have a good day
do you know who Malea Emma Tjandrawidjaja is? 
No I dont. who is she? what does she do?
she a 7 year old little girl who sang the national anthem at a MLS game and apparently she did marvelous. 
Oh, thats great! 7 years old. that is quite young. i guess she has a great career ahead of her.
She hummed the first line to herself and then let loose. All at that young age in front of such a large crowd. That's remarkable. 
i would have been terrified. how did she get chosen? what else has she done?
Well that performance in particular went viral!
she must be planning her next performance. i bet she could go on the road during the summer and perform at MLB games.
I bet when she was only three she performed in a talent show at LA live in downtown Los Angeles. 
this kid must be phenomenal. does she also dance and act? she could be huge.
I'm not sure but by the time she was 5 she played at Carnegie Hall.
I guess she plays the piano, or the violin? Or both?
Wouldn't surprise me she going to be a prodigy. They've given her a nick name of comic spitfire and say she stole heart right and left, wonderful.
Speaking of pianos, did you know that Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude? I would this girl to have a chance to use that piano.
Yeah that would be pretty cool! Emma based her singing style on Christina Aguilera.
that is a great role model. I think the kid has a bright future. by the way, did you know that there is a violin made out of stone that is fully playable? 
Wow i wonder if the sound is somewhat different, do you know? You can probably find out on youtube.
I bet it "rocks" pretty hard! LOL. An aluminum grand piano was built for the lounge of the airship hindenburg. I wonder how it sounded. Tinny?
I was concerned about the added weight but im pretty sure it was calculated in. 
Yes, it did not weigh much. i hope that it sounded good enough. what about the piano found on top of britain's highest mountain? 
I heard about that apparently it's a mystery as to how or who put it there. Do you watch Netflix? 
I used to watch netflix. i dont now. great shows, very convenient, very addictive. LOL. Anyway, great chat!
You too! Netflix and youtube make up half of peak time internet traffic on the web. 
Yes, everybody loves their video entertainment!
Right, Have a great day my friend! Parting note Police have their own channel called BluTube.
Good morning! 
Good morning! I can still see the moon outside how about you?
Unfortantely I can't see it today due to the clouds.  It's lovely though!  It's the fifth largest natural satellite in our solar system!
That's amazing. The dust on the moon is said to be able to cut through kevlar!
Whoa I didn't know that.  I need to watch some more Youtube univeristy lol.  Youtube is the second largest search engine on the internet!  It's got everything!
It really does! Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in North America. Safe to say it's not going anywhere anytime soon.
Even the police have their own youtube blutube!  Media uses it as well like BBC.  It's crazy
It is. Did you know Gangnam Style got so many view that they had to upgrade the view count integer to 64 bits?
I knew animal videos were super popular on there but I didn't know that.  People love bird videos.  Especially those where the birds sound like other things like car alarms.  The wild birds in australia can mimic all kinds of car noises and alarms!
I've heard that. I couldn't imagine those living around here. I also have a hard time fathoming that the dodo bird is a sub-family of pigeon.
That is weird.  A neat thing though is hummingbirds use spiderwebs to repair and build nests!
That's possibly the most adorable thing I'll hear all day. They are so tiny and cute. It's crazy to think about the fact that their bones are so hollow their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers.
So fragile!  It's interesting when you think about how their digestive and respiatory systems are uniquely adapted just so they can fly!
Absolutely. Fragile but strong too, some birds can fly from alaska to mexico without sleep when migrating.
That's more than I can do. The only birds without known wings are the moa and elephant birds but both are extinct. 
That's crazy! It's also crazy how closely birds descended from dinosaurs and dramatically diversified around 66 million years ago.
It is!  And they  devolved wings dpending on the need for them.  Whether its flight or swimming.
Their social monogamy is very interesting as well. Most just mate for one season but the species that mate for life are the most interesting.
Like some penguins and I believe some swans.  It's amazing.  Some male Penguins will also be in charge of keeping an eye over their eggs while the females go out and hunt.
I know, so cool.  It sucks that our activity on this planet threatens so many species with extinction. Around 1200 bird species. 
Like the Spix Macaw and the Alagoas foliage-gleaner from Brazil... They aren't confirmed for sure gone yet but researchers are pretty certain.
Are you a fan of soccer?
I watch soccer, but I am trying to understand the entire game, only thing I know is when a team score.
Me too, lol. I learned a lot more during this last World Cup, did you watch that at all?
I watched a few games, but not enough to understand what was going on. I was with friends and cheer when a team score.
Me too, I was all about Brazil this last world cup since the US wasn't in it again
I see that they are one of the better teams, I wonder why the scores are so low? It's hard to score.
I think everyone is just super good that it is hard to score lol. Do you know Mesut Ozil?
No I don't think I do, that bad when I don't know any of the team members.
I just know him because he donated his world cup winnings to pay of kids in Brazil's surgeries
Wow, that was thoughtful of him, It would be nice if more wealthy people donate to different causes.
For sure. Soccer makes more money than all the other sports combined. I think they get more money because of this.
Yes you are right, did you know the american team never came in lower than third place since 1991, I am referring to the women team?
Yea, the men not so hot. I think the men got 3rd place in the world cup once, in 1930!
Did you know american used the name soccer, because it is slang for association football.
I always knew it as soccer so that makes sense. I never knew it was called association football to be honest
Do you like to wear boots or you prefer shoes? 
Shoes for sure, but I like a good winter boot. I needed them so much this year from this winter, you?
Yes, I bought two pairs, did you know Ugg boots were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold water?
I never knew that, I could totally see it! It was so nice chatting with you!
Jon Stewart was a skilled soccer player in college. You have a good night also, nice chatting with you.
I would never have guessed that! Enjoy your night!
Hello - how are you doing today?
Doing great.
That's good. Do you like association football aka soccer?
Never really followed it. I like American football though.
Did you know the city set to host the 2022 Qatar World Cup does not exist yet?
They have a lot of work to be getting done then huh.
Yes they do. The Hungary national football team only had one defeat in 6 years and that was in the World Cup final.
That would be heartbreaking. To win all year long and then lose in the world cup. I guess that means they won at least 5 world cups in that time though.
That would be devastating. The US got third place back in 1930.
Thats interesting. Do you know who Jon Stewart is.
I do. He played soccer didn't he?
He is a comedian but he played soccer. He was pretty good to.
Soccer makes more money than most sports combined.
Thats understandable considering its popularity among non US nations. I would say at least football and basketballl have it beat over here.
I agree. Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football.
I hear the US womens team is pretty good.
Yes, they are pretty good. There exist a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.
The womens team has never placed below third since womens world cup started all the way back in 91
That's really good. Do you like boots?
Yeah I guess. They are very useful.
Did you know Ugg boots were invented by surfers?
I didnt know that. I have never had a pair of ugg booots myself.
Me either. The Nokia company got big by making rubber boots.
Thats interesting. Well Im gonna have to be going have a good one.
Are you a big fan of watching sports?
I'm a bigger fan of playing them than I am of watching them, especially sports like soccer
Have you watched womens soccer before? They say the US's team is undefeated
I heard something about that too! I guess the last team they played against was Scotland, too
Which country do you consider to have produced more soccer talent Ireland or scotland?
I'm not sure since I don't watch it enough to keep track. I guess they'll be playing the World Cup in France in the summer
I hope they keep it up lets see how long they can maintain that winning streak
It's nice that they'll have a bit of a break before playing in France, and they can work on their strategy. I can't imagine playing with jetlag
Thats a recipe for some fatigued players they definitely need to get acclimated first before the big game
For sure. But this break will be good for them so they can rest their legs before something as important as the World Cup
Have you watched the world cup in previous years? Do you remember what zinidine zidane did?
I don't usually watch it, so no, I don't. What happened?
During the game against italy the french player zidane got angry at one of the italian players cocked his head back and hit him like a rhino lol
That's crazy! What's crazier is that the city for the 2022 FIFA World Cup doesn't exist yet
Well i guess they better hurry up and get to building lol 
They won't gain anything economically for hosting, but I guess it's good publicity
Thats what I dont understand how can they gain nothing when they make millions from the tourism it brings all those people buy food and stay for vacation
Because it costs them more to update their infrastructure. For the US, that doesn't seem like it would be as big of a deal, especially since the American team never places below third as of 1991
Have you seen the ruins of the olympic stadiums in athens its pretty sad they are all looking horrible
It was so long ago though. I'm not sure if soccer was even a sport then, though it makes more money than the other major sports combined
No lol i'm talking about the stadiums from the olympics in 2004
Hello! Do you like birds?
I do like birds. generally just eat them though. LOL Do you like birds?
I enjoy eating them as well, but I like looking at them too! There are some pretty cool looking birds out there!
Yes there are. i wonder if we are going to have problems with the server here. Hm. Some birds fly from alaska to northern mexico without sleeping when migrating.
That's pretty amazing! Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests.
Yeah, those thieving little beasts! they look beautiful but they are sneaky!
Lol yeah they are. There are wild birds in Australia that can mimic things like car alarms and chain saws. Can you imagine if you heard a chainsaw flying around you at night!
Yeah, i would probably get a rifle and start shooting! LOL Probably start wearing protective hats too.
Yeah, if they came imitate that I be they can imitate a lot of things. Like perhaps growling or crying. Pretty scary.
Probably imitate the sound of ATM beeps and then take out your cash! 
These birds are gonna get too smart and take over someday! The dodo bird is actually a member of the pigeon family.
The dodo was not terribly smart. And pigeons dont seem too smart either. What do you think of our friend the sun?
Yeah, they do seem to belong together. I love the sun, I can't wait for it to be warm again so I can go sit in it!
Our friend the sun is quite big. and accounts for most of the mass in the solar system.
It is actually white, but perceived as yellow!
Yes, the trickery of the atmosphere has deluded us! if you view the sun from the moon, it is white.
Crazy! A lightening bolt is 5x hotter than the suns surface. 
I dont think it would be easy to harness the energy of lightning, but the sun, on the other hand, offers much energy.
Yes, it produces enough energy in one second that could meet the needs of the planet for 500000 years.
If we could capture it and store it, that would be great! Anyway, great chat!
It was great chatting with you too!
Yesh, have a great weekend!
Bye!
hi, how are you? what do you think our friend the Sun?
I love it! Cant live without it
yes, the sun serves many of my daily needs without fail. i appreciate his constancy.
Did you know its actually white and not yellow!
yes, that is a trick of the atmosphere! i think if you look at the sun from the moon, it is white.
Even with everything else in the solar system. The Sun still counts for 99.86% of mass
it is a big boy, and really does hog the mass. but that is fine. there is enough to go around. 
It produces enough energy in a second to power our planet for 500,000 years. 
if we could capture and store it all, that would be great. but where could we keep it? its just so much!
Im unsure we could. Just like the energy produced by lighting
That would be great, if we could capture the energy of lightning! probably too difficult though. solar is the better way to go.
And a bolt of lightning is hotter than the surface of the sun! Sounds dangerous
yes, it does. ill make sure to avoid the lightning bolts. or wear a special hat to protect me.
Hats can also offer some protection from sunburns!
yes, that is true. the sun is a ferocious friend. he can sometimes go overboard. a good hat can be our ally.
Did you know that cowboy hats were not the most popular in the old west?
I guess those movies have lied to me! I thought everyone wore a cowboy hat, cowboy or not.
Thats what I thought as well!. They looks like they gave good shade as well
What was the most popular hat then? 
It was called the bowler. Do you know what those are?
Yes, the round hat. very stylish, but not really a cowboy hat. hm. that is interesting. anyway, great chat!
You as well! have a great day!
Did you know that the sun is actually white? 
I did not know that, I have been coloring it the wrong color my whole life, lol! Why is it white?
It just is. It only looks yellow due to the atmosphere. 
That makes sense, the sun is amazing, you know what is hotter than the sun?
No, what else is? A lightening bolt? 
yea, a lightening bolt is 5x hotter! That is HOT!
WHOLLY MOLLY! That is hot. 
That is so hot, I can't imagine getting struck by lightning, it should just burn that crap out of you!
Me either. What about birds, do you like birds? 
I like birds, they are so interesting. I like seeing hummingbirds they are amazing
Well apparently birds bones are hollow. 
I wonder if that helps them fly better. Which weighs more, the bone or the feather?
I think the feathers actually weight more. Pretty crazy. 
Wow! How don't they crush themselves landing, we will never know. I heard wild birds in australia can do crazy things
Really? Like what do they do? 
The can mimic different sounds like cameras, car alarms, and chainsaws. They probably have evolved that way because of tourism
WOW, that must be pretty freaking cool. Some birds can fly from Alaska to Mexico without sleeping. 
wow, I can barely drive 2 hours without almost falling asleep. Birds are amazing, I think birds evolved from dinosaurs or something like that
Yeah, I think so. Although the dodo bird is a sub family of pigeon. 
that is awesome, i thought that bird was extinct! It was so nice chatting with you!
You too. 
Hi, how are you?
Fantastic, how are you? Hey - Are you one of 58 million Netflix subscribers?
I am very well, thanks. Yes, I am a subscriber. Do you subscribe?
Yes, I do subscribe although I was quite stunned the global number wasn't higher :) Allegedly the company spends 20 time more on postage than bandwidth - - - Something tells me that number may rise after the USPS jacked up the costs of postage, again! 
Yeah! I am not sure what they spend all their postage on though.... Do they still do the DVDs?
I believe they do still mail DVD's. I don't even own a DVD player anymore so I'm not certain. That was a very short process for me as Red Boxes popped up as a better alternative. I keep trying to watch the new Ted Bundy documentary on Netflix but I fall asleep haha
HAHAHA! I tend to fall asleep watching tv too. Maybe that's a sign. I live in chicago and its supposed to be -40 tomorrow. That will be a good day to watch some Netflix!
AHHHH! I live in NC and if we get down to 40 above zero I'm dressed like an Eskimo. We may get some ice tonight and places are already closing down, not just schools. We don't do cold weather well at all. :D Definitely a Netflix day tomorrow. Maybe re-watch Parks and Rec with Chis Pratt if The Bundy docu creeps me out too much. 
We got 7 inches of snow yesterday and it was the worst! I hate the cold... I love Pratt though! He goes to visit kids in the hospital dressed as Starlord!
Hats off to ya for living there - I couldn't even visit! Anyone who takes the time to visit kiddos in a hospital is an A+ human in my book. Oddly enough, I had no idea there had been any sequals to the original Jurrasic Park for Chris Pratt to joke to Steven Spielberg about giving him the lead in Jurassic Park 4. Like, wasn't one enough?! 
Right? I never watched the original. I read the book first and it was so good that I didn't want the movie to ruin it for me. And Im not usually the guy who reads the book first so I am keeping that memory, 25 years later...
lol I watched the first one way back in the nineteen hundreds (!) and that was plenty. I remember it being huge at the time. Apparently it took six hours to render one frame of a rain-soaked t rex in Jurassic Park. Sometimes I wonder if the film industry truly requires that much time or if they simply have a different work ethic and bosses than blue collar ants on a dirtmound like myself. 
HA!
Chris Pratt waited tables at Bubba Gump Shrimp Company...Buuuuuuuut that was in Maui. Does it count as being a broke kid living in Maui and working as a waiter? I'd rather be broke in Maui than Anchorage any day... 
Definitely!  Can you imagine tipping him one day and then watching him on Parks and Rec the next? "Hey Honey, our waiter's on tv!" 
That would be funny.  I had no idea Chris Pratt was in so many movies and has been on TV for a solid decade now. It kinda makes me feel old. 
I always feel old watching the VMAs or any music awards. I have no idea who any of these kids are! And I'm only 40... I turned into my dad!
Tell me about it! We just saw Metallica last night with our three sons (21, 18 and 14) - There were people **sitting on their phones** and my youngest son was floored. Of course we've taken them to all sorts of concerts, from Buffett to Buckethead to Anthrax & Slayer.... So it's even worse having kids and legitimately asking if Ariana Grande is a person or something new at Taco Bell - Then hearing the music and saying, "Oh heck naw. PASS!" 
Buffett!?!?! So much fun! My daughter is 5 and I so want her to experience the parking lot before it's too late...
Buffett is my annual holiday. The kids love it and because I go every year, it's an all day adventure and yeah, the parking lot is the place to be if not partying on the lawn. I fear the day I have to sit at a Buffett show! Take her - Take all your friends - It's legit excellent for families. Watch out for the left handed cigarettes though ;)  
HA! Nice chatting with you!
Hi, how are you?
I'm great! How are you doing today?
I am well, thanks. Have you seen Jurassic World, fallen Kingdom?
No, I haven't, though I did see the first Jurassic film.
I have not seen it either but I did read the book. It was soooo good that I never saw the first one in fear that it would taint my love for the book.
That's a good point. Sometimes films can ruin things. Is Fallen Kingdom based on a book? 
I am not sure but I do not think so. Creighton (sp?) came out with two and the first one was great while the second one was ok. I do not think he continued writing after the second one. 
Crichton, I believe. I bet he got tired of writing them. He must have made a ton of cash off the first movie as well. No incentive.
Right! I wonder how much writers make off of movies, not the bump in book sales but strictly from the movie?
Well, since he wrote the book, I imagine his deal was good. Usually writers don't make as much as actors. Are you a fan of Netflix?
I am. Are you?
I have watched them in the past, but not so much now.  They burn up an astonishing amount of bandwidth.
I heard that. Them and YouTube. Are you more of a fan of YouTuve?
I go to Youtube for music and news. Youtube is owned by Google, so I guess they share search engine technology. 
Wow. That makes sense, since it is the second largest search engine.
What do you think the folks at Blockbuster thought when they saw the rise of Netflix?
So angry! The loss of revenue and ulitmately demise had to be a cause of anger for many. Although the corporate offices probably got golden parachutes...
Very true. The top people did fine, even though they could have bought Netflix for cheap back in the day.
Sad that all the little people had to lose their jobs though. Maybe if they were better visionaries...
Most people cannot foresee the power of the Internet. Netflix still pays a ton on postage. Why, do you think?
Nice chatting with you!
Did you see the Jurassic Park movies?
Yes I did actually The last one I saw was the Fallen Kingdom and you?
Yes me too. Did you know the dinosaurs only appear for 15 minutes in the movie?
That is very little for a movie that is supposed to be about dinosaurs
Yeah exactly. Did you know the ride cost more to build with the same name than the movie?
Yes the ride was $110 million and the movie just $63 million, crazy
Yeah. Chris Pratt joke about being the lead many years earlier and then got the role
WOw smart guy. It took them forever to make the scene where the t-rex appears all soaked 
Yeah 6 hours for each frame, that is crazy long
I know. DO you know who directed it?
Yes JA Bayona. Do you like Netflix?
I love it. Did you know n the morning in NA it makes for 33% of all the bandwidth?
They are amazing. and with youtube make half of the peak internet traffic
Yeah . Did you ever use Blockbuster?
I sued to before Netflix. those guys made a bad decision not buying netflix
Yeah they could have bought it for $50 million and make billions now
Right? Netlfix stills spend more on postage than on bandwidth 
Yeah about 20 times more but what are they shipping now?
I wonder too. Do you know how Netflix came about?
Yes the guy who founded it got a late fee for a VHs and I guess had enough
Yeah well that was a good thing in the long run for him
Hi, how are you?
Good. What is on your schedule for tonight? Movies?
Yes. It was boxing but movies sound better. Do you like movies?
I am more into tv series but I heard the Jurassic world, fallen kingdom is good. 
I have not seen it. I saw the first one with Chris Pratt but no more. Did you see the original?
No I didn't. But the jurassic park rid cost $110 mil create. crazy!!
That's a ton. Plus the dinosaurs only appeared for 15 minutes!
Yes! Did you know that Chris Pratt joked about spielberg giving him the lead in JP?
I did not. That's crazy that it came true!
I know.  Do you do Netflix/
I do! Do you?
heck ya! I heard that blockbuster declined so many offers to buy netflix. sounds like a bad move.
Yeah. I guess their one remaining store in Alaska is proud but the other shuttered stores, not so much!
absolutely! So sad. After getting a late fee on a vhs copy of apollo 12 , reed started netflix.
What a terrible revenue of $40. But for that $40, they would still be in business!
Maybe, but did you know that Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth.
That's a ton. Why so much?
Well Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in North America. That is why!
That's crazy! I guess videos do take up more bandwidth.
Yes! Did you hear that the Jurassic park ride cost $110 mil to create?
Wow that's a lot! Nice chatting with you!
Hi do you enjoy dance?
I love it. Do you know what dance EMilia Clarke did when she auditioned  for the games of thrones?
I actually do not know, what? Bruce Lee was a dancer too
Nice , she did the chicken dance and the robot dance. What sort of dance did he do?
Hahha she is so funny. Bruce was a cha-cha champion
Haha yes she is. Oh wow, the guy had so much talent it seems
yup. Did you know ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?
Wow that is a lot of money too. In the show Mr. Rogers , in an episode he learns to breakdance
Nice, I want to see that. Did you know Jackson has a patent in a device that helps to achieve smooth dance moves?
I wonder what happened to it now that he is no longer with us
Hmm good questions actually. Did you know Tupac was also a dancer?
He was? What kind of dance did he participate in?
He was actually a ballet dancers, I know it seems off but he was
Hmm interesting. Parrots are really good at dancing in tune with music
Nice babies too they tend to dance when they hear music
Yeah that is sweet. There are some ballet shoes that make drawings based on how the dancers move
Nice I want a pair of those too, not that I am a great dancer or anything but yeah
The first moonwalk dance was done by Bill Bailey in 1955
Wow I thought it was a Jackson thing this whole time. Interesting
Me too. Do you like the band Imagine Dragons?
I love them and all their songs, I wish I could see them in concert too
Do you enjoy the Star Wars movies?
Why yes, I do.  What about you?
I do as well. Were you aware that as of 2018 the franchise was estimated to be worth $65 billion making it the fifth highest grossing media franchise? That's a lot of money. 
I didn't know that.  It is alot of money. Funny James Earl Jones only got $7500 for recording all of Darth Vader's lines for Star Wars.
That's crazy! I was not aware of that. His voice is so iconic to the franchise. 
Yeah, it is.  I can't imagine anybody else doing Darth Vader but him.
Me either. Did you know that Star Wars has even been dubbed in Navajo?
I had heard that, it's very popular movie so I guess it's been dubbed in many languages.  Did you realize that 20th Century Fox was convinced it was going to be a flop?
I had heard that. I believe Lucas made a deal to get merchandising rights because of that?
Yes, he did.  Such a smart man.  He agreed to forgo an additional $500,000 directing fee in return to keep the licensing and merchandising rights for himself.
Wow?! The merchandising for that franchise is big business. People are insane about collecting it. That was an incredibly good business decision on his part. 
It made him a billionaire and cost Fox billions.  I bet they kick themselves about that decision all the time. Lol
Oh I'm positive that they do. It's off topic but do you enjoy any country music?
Why I sure do.  Do you?
I like the older stuff like Patsy Cline or Johnny Cash. Did you know that George Strait and Jeff Bezos are cousins?! 
How interesting, both of them so successful and rich from different industries.  I didn't know that there were only 2 African Americans in the Country music Hall of Fame.  Did you?
It is very interesting. I did not know that. I'm honestly surprised there are any. I can't think of any African American country artists. 
I was thinking Charley Pride, but that was the only one I could come up with. I know there are more in Country Music nowadays, though.  
I must admit that I am not very knowledgeable about the modern artists. Were you aware that Henry Ford helped popularize country music by financing it because he was afraid of the "urban decadence" of jazz music?
I did't know Henry Ford had his hand in Country music.  I can believe the urban decadence of Jazz, though.  Did you know Clint Eastwood is a lifelong Jazz enthusiast, pianist, and has scored several films?
I did not. I took him for more of a country guy. 
I am a huge star wars fan. Have you ever seen them?
oh hell yea, I was a fan in their 20th Century Fox Days and still today with them being owned by Disney
It is amazing how much a pop culture phenom it has become. I wonder if the actors or george lucas had any idea way back in 1977
no way, the value has gone up to a whopping  65billion! back then he was just making a space movie, now its a phenom
So true. There is even epic series of books that give back story and what the future was after the original trilogy. I have to admit that having read the books I was rooting for them to pull from those but they didn't 
oh you read the old extended universe stuff? Like with Han and Leia's kids before Kylo Ren was a thing?
Yes! I was so hoping that when they introduced Rey she was going to be the girl twin and that Luke was off living happily with Mara Jade and his son ben but nope.
I had read about a lot of people speculating thats what they were gonna do with the plot, but would that have been too obvious? I dont mind the route they took, I still really like the new movies
I heard something about they wanted to expand it beyond being just a skywalker story. Which kind of makes me sad because that is really the whole point of star wars. The new movies are pretty good though. The graphics are amazing. 
I heard that these 9 movies are the Skywalker Saga and everything beyond that is just cool stuff happening in the universe, which I'm all for. Like Jon Favreau is making that TV show about Mandalorian bounty hunters. I think they need to not do movies like Solo and come up with more original characters like Rogue One
It would be amazing to watch a series about the bounty hunters! I didn't mind Solo. I like getting the backstory on some of the beloved characters of the past. 
I liked it too but if they want to get that magic again and if they want to stray from the Skywalker family, they need to develop a new cast of characters 
And give them some depth. I don't think they developed Poe enough in the movies yet. I think he could have a really interesting backstory. 
yea apparently hes gay too? And has a long lost love who taught him to be a pilot? something they never even touched on in the movies. he could be such a well developed character if they give him some more screen time
I would love to see a mini series for tv about the liberation of the kids on that casino planet. I feel like after they were visited in the third trilogy there is going to be some sort of uprising and it would make for an amazing movie. 
i hope so, there should be some payoff to that planet and I think there will be. And since JJ is finishing the story he started, I feel he will end it in a satisfying way
His work is amazing. It is no wonder that he was able to secure a guinness world record for this franchise. 
yea i agree. I think JJ was a big fan of Jazz music too. he wasnt alive in the 1920s during the Jazz Age, but he appreciates all of those classics
I think Jazz really speaks to the creative soul since it is so freeform. Great jazz musicians say they never know how a piece will end when they are composing. 
which is crazy too me. Jazz is so complex. Tupac even went to the Baltimore School of the Arts to study it 
I think Jazz has its fingers into a lot of musical pies so to speak. It is so neat how everyone thinks their own favorite music is unique but actually they all weave together. 
Hi good morning. Do you have any kids? It seems like Incredibles 2 would be a good movie to watch with them.
I have three kids. I used to play the video game when I was younger. I remember it was called the incredibles: rise of the underminer.
Awesome. Apparently 13 years before incredibles 2 came out there was a release in video game format!
Hahaha. That kind of tells you my age. Incredibles is a great movie, but I love comedy film. Have you watch 3rd rock from the sun?
Nope never have. But I should since it won a golden globe back in '97!
I love any kind of movies, specially  a genre of movies called bromatic comedies.
Oh nice. Me too actually. One of my favorite movies was pineapple express! Seth Rogan and Franco, so funny.
It was so impressed when I found out that that the first silent movies were comedies
Yeah that is so funny, slapstick comedy is. I also like comedies because most traditionally have a happy ending. Except for the black comedy variation.
did you know that there was a comic series about fixing the collateral damage caused by superheroes?
Ha ha no I didn't know that but I always wonder what happened to the damage caused by the superheroes. Surprisingly there are over 300 registered superheroes in the United States.
Wow. I didn't know there were that many.  I read something funny the other day about garfield  and a book series named pet force.  hahahaha
Garfield is a superhero? One superhero that doesn't sound very interesting is normal man he doesn't have any powers.
hahahha... I am not sure, but I thought it was the cat. 
Yeah Garfield the cat lol! One thing I didn't know is that Stanley wrote 15 DC comics. Very surprising.
I know. They kind of were re-imagining popular superheroes like batman and superman.
Yes exactly. So cool the superhero has been around since 1930!
incredible!  But there are not too many female superheroes.
That is true. I am sure Wonder Woman gets lonely sometimes! They have pet force, but now they need more woman superheroes. It was nice to talk with you today. Have a good one!
You too. See you next time.
Bye now :)
Hello have you seen the incredibles 2?
Hello, i have not seen any of the series. Is it good?
yes very entertaining!  great extention to the story as well. I cant believe it took 13 years to make the sequel
Really? Why so long?

I dont know,  maybe too much to do.  Maybe it was actually drawn lol 
haha thats possible
The incredible movies are set in the 1960's
Oh yeah? That's cool, what other types of movies do you like? How about comedy?
Yeah love comedy,  I hear ryan stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy.  Hes great in that show whose line is it anyways. 
oh yeah, he surely makes me laugh!
Have you ever watched 3rd rock from the sun?
I love that show, i was excited when they won a golden globe award. I almost fainted!!
That is a good show, I kinda cant believe that it beat out seinfield and friends though lol
Well, the comedy Gods were on their side haha
Do you like "bromantic comedies"?
I do indeed like Harold and Kumar and The Hangover!!
Yeah those are great movies!  The hangover series especially lol
Yeah, i prefer the Harold and Kumar series better theough especiallly when all they want to do is go to \White Castle haha
lol those little burgers are delicious. 
Yeah they are they are little pieces of heaven in between two delectable buns.
Its been great chatting, thanks for the convo! 
Hello. do you like star wars?
Not as much as I used to. As a kid I loved it but those prequels soured me to the rest of it.
I agree. The older movies are much better.  It is a popular series though to a lot of people. Star Wars is the second highest grossing movie of all time.
I remember being very excited when the first prequel was released, I paid to see it at the big fancy theater in DC, the Uptown
What is that theater like?
It's one of those big old theaters with just one big screen
Cool.  Say, did you know that George Lucas' wife worked on the movie?
Was it how they met or were they married at the time?  It's always funny that the producers had no faith in the movie before it came out.
They were married at the time.  She made some major changes like obi wan's death and such and won an academy award for editing.
Good for her, still over shadowed by her husband though.  With all the money they've made from the merchandising I'm sure she doesn't mind.
Probably so.  Star Wars holds the record for most successful film merchandising franchise.
My son loves the Star Wars music, he's learned to play all the music on piano.
That is really impressive. I used to have the album of the sound track from the original movie back in the day.  Those songs were fantastic!
I think I did too, not a hundred percent sure.  My dad had Jazz playing all the time at home, I think I wanted something I liked.
I like jazz.  I'm not real familiar with all of the artists but i do like the music.  I especially like the swing bands of the 1930s.
I think my dad turned me away from it, you know, the more someone tries to force it on you the less likely you are to move toward it.
I know what you mean.  My parents listened to a lot of country when i was a kid so I turned to rock and pop music. Now though, I do like some country I have to admit.  I think George Strait is very good.
That's another mystery to me.  I've lived primarily in DC and country doesn't make much of an impression there.  If anything I lie the older country, Hank Williams and that.
I guess Henry Ford may have failed then.  He helped finance country music back in the day due to his fears of jazz music and it's urban decadence.
People are always fearful that the new thing will lead to the end of civilization.  Country is just folk music originally from Europe, Jazz is probably just folk music from a different source.
True.  Jazz comes from the blues and ragtime I think.
Have you been to the DC area before?
I have but it was a long time ago. It looks like there's always a lot of stuff going on there. They have a lot of different events at the convention center one of them is a convention called Awesome Con. It's like a Comic-Con with a lot of different people. It looks pretty cool
Yeah I heard about the Comic-Con that sounds like a great thing to do, also the showcase with Jenna Camille, that is another must do thing on my list
That does sound good! Have you ever been to a Comic Con by the way? Also I would go see Justin pack personally
I havent but maybe this year I can make it, one of the stands I would visit would be the Star Wars stand
I would check that out too! George Lucas is a genius to come up with that whole series of movies. Although I must say I don't like the new ones myself.
I dont like the new ones either, I loved  Episode I and Episode III but Rogue One was terrible
Rogue one is horrible haha. I agree with you there. Do you like James Cameron? He was apparently inspired by Star Wars
I do, I think his a great director and movies can inspire us to take different paths, thank God James Cameron became a director thanks to the influence of Star Wars
I agree! I really like his movie Terminator and Terminator 2. What is really weird is that George Lucas says r2d2 is telling the entire story of Star Wars. only he's telling it several hundred years in the future
Thats a creative spin to the story, R2D2 is a badass, his my favorite robot so if anyone has to tell the story im glad its him and not a sith robot
Haha that's funny. What's funny to is that fox gave George Lucas merchandising rights instead of the $500,000 for part of his directing fee. And that helps to make him a billionaire LOL
It is funny, they lost  a lot of money there for sure, Star Wars is a really popular franchise so yeah, did you know that in 2013 Star Wars was dubbed in navajo, 
No I didn't know that! I also didn't know that Star Wars holds the Guinness World Records title for"most successful film merchandising franchise"
I guess Lucas is really happy about that and Fox is regretting it big time, Maria Lucas is really important as well, the success of the franchise is in great part due to her
I agree. She doesn't get enough credit! Do you like country music at all?
No not really, do you like it?
I can't say that I do. but I did not know that the Fender Stratocaster was intended originally for country music
I didnt know that either that is a great guitar, I love Jazz better though, find it relaxing
Yeah I think jazz is more relaxing. Who do you listen to exactly when you listen to Jazz? I also never knew that Dizzy Gillespie ran for president LOL
I dont have a favorite artist, and in a parallel universe he won for sure lol
Do you like comedies? 
I do, I love it!
Me too, what are your favoriteS? 
I really like Monty Python. Did you know that Graham Chapman was a medical doctor until he gave up his practice to concentrate on comedy?
No, I didn't know that. What was he in? 
He was in Monty Python.
Oh, I've never actually seen it. Was it any good? 
Yes it's a funny comedy for it's time. It's funny, I'm studying computer programming and right now I'm learning the Python Programming language. It was named partly to honor the British comedy group Monty Python.
Interesting, I didn't know that. I have to use both Python and Java at my job. Mostly Python for the SciKit library.
That's awesome, I like learning it so far. 
Yeah, it is pretty cool stuff, but repetitive. 
I've caught that so far. Do you like to watch Comedy Central?
Nah, they cancel way too many shows. 
It's crazy that they've canceled over 100 shows in the last 30 years.
That is hilarious, but I can believe it. I think some shows are no good on that channel to be honest. 
Yeah they do. Did you know that "The Green Lantern" was originally going to be a comedy starring Jack Black?
No, I didn't know that. Did you see it? 
I have seen it, it was ok with Ryan Reynolds. I don't think it would have been too good with Jack Black.
Yeah, I can believe that he hasn't made a good movie in a long time. Well, nice chatting!
Nice chatting with you too, I hope you have a great rest of your day!
You too!
Hi, how are you?
I'm pretty good, how about yourself? I'm dancing in my chair listening to Imagine Dragons, waiting for this work day to end. 
Nice. Are you at work right now?
I am at work right now. Waiting one more hour until I can go home.
Nice. I am in chicago and we got nailed with a storm so I am home with my kids on a snow day. Do you dance a lot?
Gross, I hate snow. I live in South Alabama. I dance mostly when nobody's watching. I don't have great rhythm. 
You are not missing out. I had to shovel/snowblow for 2 hours today. We got 7 inches!
I guess one good thing about the snow is no snakes. I don't know which one I'd hate the worst. 
Snakes. The answer to what do I hate more is always snakes...I can't even watch them on TV.
I'm a wuss when it comes to the cold, I can always kill snakes, but you can't kill the cold. The fear of snakes is hard-wired in our brains, so it's natural to be afraid of them. 
I guess it's regional becuase I can always put on more layers. I can't run away from snakes fast enough! What do you do for a living, besides dance?
I'd like to imagine that I'm a professional dancer, but nobody seems to want to pay me money. In actuality I'm a Biomedical Equipment Technician at a children's hospital. 
Nice. Sounds fun. What's up with these flying snakes? Are those the most terrifying?
That is crazy. I'd probably pass out if I saw one, then move to New Zealand. 
HA! We can be roommates. What is a legless lizard? 
I'm down! To me it would be a snake, I mean, isn't that what a snake is? HaHa. There was a guy that told me that there was something like that in the area I live, but I have yet to see any.
First I have to worry about snakes now legless lizard? Although if you think about legless things, like pigs, its a little funnier...
Legless pigs, legless dragons, can you imagine? I think that could be a new song. I'll have to call up one of the Dan's and see if I can write it for them. 
I would at least listen to it on spotify!
Those streaming numbers add up, it could be a dance hit.
HA! Nice chatting with you!
Do you watch comedy films?
Yeah, I do! Who is your favorite comedian?
Billy Murray for sure, Demetri Martin after, how about you?
Definitely Demitri Martin. Did you know that he was accepted into Harvard?
I did not know that, he is probably a secret genius based on his stand up. Have you seen Kung Fu Hustle?
I have, actually! I think it's hilarious. You?
I have not, Bill Murray said it was comedy gold, would you agree?
Oh yeah, for sure. Speaking of comedy gold, do you like Seinfeld, Friends, or Frasier?
I was a seinfeld person, I actually just watched friends last year for the first time and it was good. I really liked 3rd rock from the sun back in the day, ever seen it?
Yeah! I guess 3rd Rock from the Sun won a Golden Globe over all THREE of those series in 1997. Amazing!
that is crazy to think about. I used to watch it and never understood what it was about
Haha I know, right? Do you ever watch the Golden Globes? I'd love to attend one someday. There's amazing fashion there.
For sure, that would be awesome, I don't know what I would wear, what do you think?
Hmm, not sure. But just make sure that your clothes are tailored. I guess fashionites look for collar gaps to make sure that they're high quality!
for sure! I would wear clothes from apple's clothing line from 1986 and really stand out
Yeah! Unfortunately, there's probably nothing left from them. If you really want to stand out, there's a store in Alabama that sells clothes from unclaimed baggage at airports...
For sure, what a great business. Pure profit basically!
Yeah. Speaking of money and fashion, I guess Keanu Reeves gave $80 million of his Matix salary to special effects and makeup staff.
What a good guy, I did not know that! Good chatting with you!
Good chatting with you too. Have fun with watching your comedy shows.
you too!
Do you like soccer?
If you are talking about Fifa, then yes. 
When was the last time the US held the world cup? I wonder, but there are no economic gains for countries that host Olympics or the world cup.

I'm not sure. I know they got 3rd place in the first FIFA World Cup in 1930.
That's neat. The American women's soccer team seems to fare better in modern times. They haven't placed below third since 1991 in the world cup.
What great talent! Did you know that soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined?
I did not know that! Americans have to get more into it! I wonder if they would be more into it if they watched the version where three teams face each other at the same time. Probably not, would be very confusing.
I think you're right. The World Cup is the most prestigious association football tournament in the world.
It's the world's most popular sport too!
Yes, I've heard it exceeds the Olympic Games in viewership.
And Americans are the only ones who call it soccer because it was slang for association football.
Oh, interesting.Did you know that the city set to host the 2022 Qatar Fifa World Cup does not yet exist?
That is interesting. You know Jon Stewart? He used to be a soccer player in college and represented the US at the Pan American Maccabi Games in Brazil.
That is really cool. A multi talented guy from the sounds of it.
Yeah. Mesuit Ozil is another talented one and he donated his EUR 300,000 World Cup victory bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil.
That is great to hear. Did you know there are no economic gains for the countries that have played host to the Olympics or the World Cup?
Yes, I've heard that. But maybe it helps some places for future tourism?
I would think so.Especially since soccer makes more money than all other sports combined.
Well maybe Florida born Shaq Moore will help more Americans to be interested in soccer. He plays in La Liga.
Sounds like he is the Shaq of soccer!
Exactly! He was playing for smaller Spanish teams but now then played for La Liga. He was invited to a U.S. national team because of that.
Do you enjoy sports?
Sure. Lately I've been into Association footbal and wrestling. How about you?
I also like soccer. I was surprised that on a global scale, it is the world's most popular sport
Yeah, isn't that wild? In the USA, NFL seems to overshadow soccer, but the biggest difference I see is that NFL is a lot of waiting around, while soccer is a lot of running around.
Well the average nfl game has only 11 minutes of gameplay, while in soccer, they run an average 7 miles per game.
Nice! All the actions helps me to burn calories just watching!  Have you seen the version of the game where 3 teams play at the same time>
I heard about it and I think it must be chaotic, but in a good way. I would love to see it
Me too! I wish soccer was more popular in the states. There are a few well-known people that are into the game though. Did you know the comedian, Jon Stewart, was a soccer player that competed on the world level?
I didn't. I mean soccer is both popular and has influence since it makes more money than most other popular sports combined
That must be at the world level, like team competing toward the world cup, right?
Probably. One german player got 300K euros for a world cup victory bonus, but instead he donated it to pay for the surgeries of 23 children in brazil
That's awesome! Wouldn't it ne great if one of those kids grew up to be a world cup athlete? I wish the world cup finals were held annually instead of every four years.
Well the next world cup is set to be hosted by Qatar in 2022
I heard about that. Aren't they building a new city for that event?
yes the city doesn't yet exist. There are no net economic gains for hosting countries, but I wonder if they benefit from prestige or tourism to warrant them to build and entirely new city.
Yeah, and what will happen to the city after the masses depart? Do you think the USA  has a chance to win? The US got third place in the first FIFA cup.
While soccer isn't US's most popular sport, they have a good chance given their strong track record of never being below 3rd place since 1991
You know, back in the 50s, the Hungarian team won all but 1 game over a six year period. Six years! That's insane!
They must have been having an amazing year. I wonder how they did at the last world cup.
Good question. Hey, you ever attended a real wrestling match? I wrestled in HS, and I can remember the first time a fellow classmate asked, "Where are the ropes?"
I have not, but I have seen a lot of wrestling moves in mixed marital arts in a cage
Yeah, that's brutal stuff. Hard for a person to survive for long in that sport. You know Abe Lincoln was a wrestler? Quite good too!  He only lost one match in a career that lasted over 300 matches!
I didn't know that. I do know that wrestling has a long and distinguished history with even plato leading a professional wrestling career before he became famous a  philosopher
That's a far cry from today's professional wrestlers, like the Macho Man, who wears bizarre outfits.
In any case, thank you for the enlightening chat about wrestling. Have a nice day.
Hi, how are you doing over there? You good?
I'm pretty good. Do you watch Soccer? 
I try to watch the World Cup. Other than that, not much. How about you?
Not really, but I used to play soccer games on the Playstation. 
Really. Were they any good? Did it feel like soccer?
It was pretty good, but I was never all that good at it. New Zealand was the only defeated team at the 2010 World Cup. 
New Zealand? I thought they only did rugby. The WC seems to be a bit of scam though. There are no net economic gains for countries that have played host to  the world cup
Yeah me too. BTW Japans bidding for the FIFA World Cup in 2022. 
They are getting the Olympics in 2020, which is going to be quite expensive. I don't think they'll make money, but will get a lot of attention. I thought Qatar had the Cup for 2022.
Wow, I wonder what they think of Football over there? 
They probably follow the teams in Europe. Premier League. Champions League. The money that soccer generates is amazing.
yeah, I would think so. The average soccer player runs 7 miles per game. 
They must lose a ton of water weight. 
Yeah, I'm not sure how much. Apparently Greenland can't join Fifa because there is not enough grass for a soccer field. 
Well, that's unfair. The place is called Greenland, yet they do not have grass. Maybe they should place a variant called ice soccer or something.
It's pretty funny. Did you watch wrestling? 
Not really much of wrestling fan. Do you?
Well, I like Macho Man. He was signed to play baseball at one point. 
What position? He must be a pretty big guy. 
I'm not sure. Did you know Neil Degrasse was an undefeated wrestler in high school?
I wonder how he would have done at oil wrestling.
Hilarious. Well nice chatting with you. 
Do you happen to enjoy comedy? I watch a lot of comedy movies and stand-up.
I do like comedy.  I really like comedy tv shows.  I was pretty happy when 3rd rock from the sun won best comedy series back in 1997.
I'm surprised it won then . It had to have been up against Seinfeld. 
It was. It was up against them and friends and frasier. All of which are among the greats of comedy and it still won.
Wow! That's some stiff competition. Are you familiar with Demetri Martin?
The name isn't ringing a bell right away.  Is he or she an actor in comedy?
He's a stand-up comedian. He had his own show on Comedy Central for maybe two seasons. 
That sounds cool.  I guess he is pretty funny then.  What kind of stand up does he do?
It's a lot of wordplay usually. He was accepted into Harvard law but left to pursue comedy because he was bored. 
Wow, I'm not sure what to say to that lol! He was bored at harvard law?  I suppose law could be boring if you would rather be a comedian.  
His comedy is pretty smart and he's been successful so I guess it worked out for him. Do you know Ryan Stiles?
I'm feeling pretty out of touch right now because I have to say no.  For some reason I think he may be an actor. The name sounds a little familiar.
It's been a while since I've seen him. He was a tall thin guy on Whose Line is it Anyway back when that was on. 
Oh, I think I know who you are talking about.  Seems like maybe I've seen him as a guest on other shows like The Middle.  
Probably. He dropped out of high school to pursue comedy. I'm sensing a trend with comedians. 
It does seem like there is one!  I'm old school.  Do you know who Bill Murray is?
I love Bill Murray. 
i do too.  I'm not sure if he's a drop out but I do know that he says that kung fu hustle is the supreme achievement in comedy of this day and age.
While I do love him I'm going to have to disagree with him on that one. Have you heard of the term bromantic comedy?
I think I have to disagree too!  I've heard the term bromance but i don't think I've heard it describe comedy.  Why?
It's a fairly new term they are using to describe movies like Pineapple Express or I Love You Man. 
Hello - how are you doing today?
I'm doing alright, up bright and early with some coffee, watching a comedy movie to start my day. how about you?
That's good. I'm doing great myself. Did you know Kim Jong-Il statue in Team America is actually a real person in makeup?
is it really? haha the only real person in that movie i think, arent they all puppets?
Haha yea I think so. I've never actually seen the move.
neither have I, though I bet its great. I'm more of a Kung Fu Hustle kind of guy. Like Bill Murray, i will vouch for that movie forever
That's good I like those types of movies too. Did you know Michael Chiklis went bald at age 20 because of a mishap with theater makeup?
oh my god i cant iamgine, thats awful! did he sue you think>?
That would stink. I'm not sure if he sued or not. 
I would, I need to hold to what little hair Ieft!
Haha yea my hairline is starting to recede myself. 
did you know that the pictures we always see of Pilgrims  is actually kind nonrepresentative of their style? they often wore a lot of color
Oh wow I didn't know that. I saw that Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comdedy. 
and Im happy he did! sorta. I mean its important to finish your education but if he didnt drop out, we would have never have seen him on Whose Line
I agree. 3rd Rock from the Sun won the golden globe for best comedy series back in 1997.
and it beat Seinfeld! which I like a lot more. do you like 3rd Rock?
I never really watched 3rd Rock, but I really liked Seinfeld.
same, I even like Friends a lot more than 3rd Rock! Im surprised
Did you know Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea but label says made in China? 
I wonder why. do you think its some sort of legal issue?
Not too sure on that. It was great talking to you!
Cosmetics obviously can be used to enhance or alter appearance, but the use to change one's fragrance is a little more subtle category of cosmetics.
That's true. People often think of Cosmetics as being associated with appearance but few think directly of improving your own sent.
It can also be natural products.  For instance, coconut oil is a great moisturizer and it smells nice also.
That is true, thou you need to be careful with it. Did you hear how a mistake with theater makeup made Michael Chiklis bald when he was only 20? That stuff can be dangerous.
Yes.  My dad read a story from a newspaper once about the autopsy of a man who died from hair dye being absorbed into his skin.  Even the aluminum in most deodorants has some danger.
Yeah that sounds like a nightmare. There's also plenty of stuff people use every day that they don't even think of as cosmetics like shampoo and hair gel, but that's what they are. Interesting how we think of different products.
True.  I was in the grocery store yesterday morning and ran into Alice Cooper (he lives here in Phoenix).  He had on make-up, his signature eye shadow and mascara even a 9 AM.
Really? Interesting that you run into a celebrity in a grocery store but hey they gotta eat too, right? I hear celebrities rely a lot on cosmetics, I heard Keanu Reeves gave most of his salary money from the matrix to the people who did his make up. 
That movie relied on a lot of make-up and special effects.  That was generous of him.  I guess one would consider those costumes as a type of clothing.  You know, every human society wears clothing of some kind.
Yeah, kinda strange that even societies that developed in very warm climates still wear clothes. Did you know that Apple had a clothing line once? They should try that again, I bet Apple's fans would rush to stores to buy apple shirts, haha.
Apple used to be niche brand so the clothing probably was a great promotional tool.  In the early days Apple users were sort of snobbish about it.  Now branding on the outside of clothing is commonplace.  Of course, some clothing is gender specific but those lines get blurry nowadays.
Yeah that's true - they make clothing out of all kinds of things like textiles, thin sheets of materials, and animal skin, though that last one has fallen in popularity in recent years.
That is sure true.  However, no one complains about leather shoes or belts.  Really stylish people can tell if your clothes look tailored by looking for collar gaps.
Yeah, that is strange that those haven't been complained about yet. Something for the next generation, perhaps. All the tricks to make cheaper clothing look more stylish will generally only fool people who don't care about looking stylish. Pretty ironic.
Good point.  Wearing clothing is mostly restricted to humans.  The only cases that I can think of that are not is when some animal is dressed by a human like some people do for their dogs.  It is odd that no other animal dresses itself.
Yeah, you'd think other animals would try clothing, especially those native to colder climates. But at least animals don't have to worry about the various social rules for what to wear and when. Those can get very complex.
Yes and one can embarrass him or herself if one violates those rules.  I wish I had dressed by child as a pilgrim wearing a red and black checked flannel shirt and told him to tell the audience at the play that this is how we dress on weekdays.
Yeah, miss one or two obscure norms about clothing and you're comedy film material! You know,  comedies have been made since the silent film era, pretty impressive. I guess you don't need sound to be funny.
Yes.  But they were heavy into slapstick which stops being funny when the audience matures.
Yeah, when movies were new slapstick was enough to entertain everybody. But as time went on people needed more and more to get a laugh. That's why I wouldn't drop out of school for a job on comedy, no matter how well it worked out for Ryan Stiles.
Ha Ha.  One's odds of financial success doing that are pretty low.  Nice chatting!
do you like colorful clothing?
Yes I do. Miguel Cabarello who makes bulletproof clothing, has his employees wear them and get shot to test the clothing
WOw that is scary. Pilgrims wear black clothing only on special occasions
Nice. Greeks made asbestos clothing and it was worth a lot
Wow. Do you know how fashion people can tell if you need your clothes tailored
Hmm I have no idea, they take measurements
Nope they actually look for collar gaps in your clothes
Nice. A guy once wore 70 pieces of clothing so he was not charged the fee at the airport
Haha that is funny. Did you know Apple had a clothing line back in 1986
WOw cool. Do you know what the fly on the pants is?
Hmm I am not sure, the zipper? A guy once sued a company because they lost his pants
It is actually the cloth flap over it. How much did he sue for?
He sued them for $67 million
WOw crazy. Women were allowed to wear pants in Senate only after 1993
Wow that is late In Collinsvile saggy pants are prohibited

I like that rule. In Paris there was a 200 year ban on women wearing pants, until 2013
Wow that is late. Do you like birds?
I do. Do you know why they fly in a v formation?
Hmm I am not sure, why is that actually?
Because it reduces drag by 65% and increases range by 71%
Yeah. Have you heard of the dodo bird?
The movie Black Panther is rated as a good movie for children. Thats interesting!
My kids are pretty little, so I wouldn't let them watch it, but maybe 10-12 year olds would be okay. I loved the girl power portrayed in Black Panther!
I agree. 10-12 would be more appropriate. There are a few "s" words  nothing too extreme!!
It seems like movies can be pretty racy these days, it's hard to find something that the whole family can enjoy. I haven't seen Early Man, but my sister-in-law said it was good for all her kids to see
Hmmm. I haven't seen Early Man... I'll have to check it out!!! The thing I like about Black Panther is the emphasis on Teamwork... and the girl power that you mentioned is shown with the acknowledgement of female athletes!!!
Yes! It's pretty unexplored in the superhero universes, it's refreshing to see women with such important roles
Absolutely!! Early Man seems like it would be interesting... its a fun look at prehistoric times!! Children always like that type of entertainment!!
I'm not a huge fan of stop-motion, but Early Man was created by the same guy who made Wallace and Gromit, so at least he knows what he's good at
I think what made Black Panther interesting is that it focused on the FIRST superheros of color!!! Something different!!
Totally! I think the cast was fantastic, especially Michael B. Jordan 
Yesss!! Lupita Nyong'o, Angela Bassett, Forest Whitaker, Danai Gurira and Daniel Kaluuya ALL added special touches to the movie.... helping to bring the story alive!!
I read that Chadwick Boseman needed money to study at a summer theater program at Oxford but didn't have the money, but then an private benefactor paid for him to go. The private benefactor was Denzel Washington!
Wow!!! That's pretty impressive!! I am a big fan of Denzel Washington... I had no idea that he acted as a private benefactor and paid for someone else to study!! That's pretty amazing!
I know! I love when people with talent (and money) can help and support others
Absolutely!!! I think that the Black Panther movie is something that families will talk about together after watching the movie...Race...Gender.... team work... all these are portrayed in the movie!!! All positive content!!
My only beef with Black Panther is that it's LONG, like over two hours! I feel like superhero movies are getting super long, I have a hard time following along sometimes
Lol... it was pretty long...but exciting nonetheless. The richest superhero is Black Panther.... he 's worth over $500 billion!! Bruce Wayne was only worth $80 billion!!! What a difference!!
I feel like the money was talked about a lot in the Iron Man movies, but I didn't hear it so much in Black Panther
I was surprised to find out that Black Panther had NOTHING to do with the Black Panther activists!!! I think a lot of people thought so!! 
Yeah, it can be hard to differentiate, but they are SO different
Yes!!! There are over 300 known superheros in the U.S. and Black Panther has taken the lead spot!! Excellent movie and great for the whole family!! It has been a pleasure talking to you. Have a great day!
Thanks, you too!
How are you? Are you interested in fashion at all?Bottega Veneta makes really nice leather handbags
I like to look at some of it, but something like New York fashion week would be beyond me.
Yea, I haven't heard much about Bottega Veneta but they don't like putting company logos or initials on their products which is kind of refreshing
Yes, I do like that. Although then what is the point of getting designer stuff.  Apparently Tom Ford's new collection was tawdry and vulgar.  Oh dear.
If Tom Ford's items are considered tawdry and vulgar I might have to check them out lol
Hah.  And did you know that Apple had a clothing line in 1986.  They should have kept that up, people would totally buy that nowadays
No I never knew apple had a clothing line, i figure that would be the antithesis of Versace/Gucci/Dolce instead of Botega Veneta
I thought it was interesting that Pilgrim clothing was full of color and the only wore black for special occasions.  I'm used to seeing them only in black in illustrations
Yea that is interesting, so is checking collar gaps to see if you clothes are tailored, I've never thought of that
Yeah I'm not that picky or observant.  I suppose if you're in the industry though its important
Yea but the industry can be shady, like Rip Curl making clothing in North Korea but puting made in CHina on the label
Sure, but there should be more stores like the one in Alabama that sell stuff from unclaimed baggage.  Then maybe people could get their stuff back
I wonder how they are legally able to do that? They better not sell any of stuff from the D.C. judge that sued a dry cleaning business for 67  million
I think they have set more limits on the amounts people can sue for, which is a good think.  I'm glad things have changed since Roman times, when wearing pants was a sign of barbarism
I wonder what the Romans wore while riding horses since pants were invented to help ride horses
Yes, I wonder when pants were actually invented, but it must have been uncomfortable wearing a skirt and riding a horse.
I wonder if they ever made pants with dodo birtds before they became exting
How funny that Aladdin's pants were modeled after mc hammer.  I didn't know that, but I can totally see it
Yea Alladin's pants do look like MC Hammer's parachute pants
And some birds fly from alaska to mexico without sleeping during migration.  That is crazy poor birds
Yea that is crazy. Well I got to go, nice talking with you
Do you have a favorite pair of clothes
Yes I do!  I love to wear nice shirts.  Did you know that Apple had a clothing line in 1986?
I did not know, I wish I could wear a shirt made by apple by then, do you have any?
I don't have any.  I wonder if they're worth money now as collectibles?  There is a store in Alabama that only sells clothes and other items that would found in unclaimed baggage airports.  Bet they have found some nice clothes and items to sell.
I bet they are worth something. I want to start a clothing store here in iowa with stuff from unclaimed baggage, pure profit!
Nice!  Rip Curl makes clothes in North Korea yet the label says made in China.
For sure, I should make clothes in North Korea I am sure its super cheap!
LOL  I didn't realize pilgrims wore clothes that were full of color. I always thought of them wearing black and white.
I did not know that, we were taught so wrong in elementary school!
Yes!  lol  Did you know that what we call pants in America they call trousers in Britain?
I did not know that, trousers is such a weird word!
Yes it is.  lol  Sounds old fashioned.  Collinsville, IL has a law that prohibits saggy pants. LOLOL
Ha that law should be everywhere. Romans saw pants as a sign of barbarism lol
lol yes!  I wonder why they thought that?  lol  Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer.  Hahahahaha I never noticed that.
LOL did not know that, I am into birds, how about you
I like watching them.  I Some birds fly from Alaska to Northern Mexico without sleeping when they migrate.  That's incredible.
Birds are amazing. Their bones are so hollow
That's probably what allows them to fly so easily because thier entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers.
I would love to fly so much, good chatting with you!
Me too.  Fly and be like a hummingbird and steal spiderwebs to build my nest.  LOL  Have a good one!
you too, bye!
Do you like birds?
I do like birds!  How about you?  Know anything interesting about them?
I do actually, do you know hummingbirds? I know a really interesting fact about them
I know that they steal spiderwebs to make their nests.  Did you know that the extinct dodo bird is actually a sub family of the pigeon?
You stole the cool fact out of me, that makes me sad, and I didnt know that, thats interesting, they dont really look alike
I know.  How do they know that though?  lol  I find it amazing that some birds can fly from Alaska to Northern Mexicao without sleeping while migrating.
That is amazing, some birds can also mimic the sound of chainsaws, cameras and car alarms so amazing species
That would be kind of creepy to hear.  In most birds their bones are so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers.
That makes sense, birds need to be light in order to fly, heavy bones can really be a problem
Yes!  Are you a fan of clothing?  I am and always seem to have it on. lol
I am a fan of fashin yeah, did you know Apple had a clothing line back in the year 1986
I had no idea!  Wonder how they decided to try getting into fashion?  That's funny.
It is funny and I wonder why they dont have the clothing line anymore I would like to shop there
Good question.  I bet it's worth some big bucks now.  Did you know that pilgrims clothing was full of color?  I never knew....
No I always pictured them in a black and white way, interesting to learn that though
Same here.  Have you ever heard of Rip Curl clothes?
Funny how their labels says made in China and their clothes are actually made in North Korea
Yes!  Seems kind of dishonest.  Did you know the British version for pants is trousers?  lol
funny fact about pants but a D.C judge once filled a multimillion lawsuit because a dry cleaner lost his pants
Yikes.  They must have been his favorite pair.  lol  Aladdin's pants were modeled after MC Hammer. lol
Thats funny lol, weird design but they do look alike, 
I know lol  I have to get going.  It was nice chatting with you today!
It was nice chatting with you as well, nice facts, interesting concersation have a nice day. 
How's it going, have you've seen Black Panther about an African prince turned king?
No, I haven't yet! I want to see it. Have you?
Yea, Black Panther was a pretty good movie, Chadwick Boseman did a great job at T'challa
Yes, I heard the Black Panther is the richest superhero!
Yea, In the comics Black Panther is valued at $500 billion and worth than Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne
That's interesting! Is it true they were going to change the name to black leopard?
I don't know, it's possible since they didn't want any association with the Black Panther Party
Did you know Denzel Washington did Chadwick Boseman a special favor?
I heard Washington paid for Boseman's summer theater program at Oxford University, thats awesome
Yes and got to thank him 20 years later! Very cool!!
It's really cool the symbols and writing in Black Panther is based on the Nsibdi script
I'm not aware of what that script is? Do you? Its interesting that the movie was produced by Marvel and distributed by Walt Disney Studios.
It's a script that originated near present day Nigeria
Oh really, Do you have any other superheros that you like? I like Wonderwoman and Catwoman! lol
I like The Punisher. It's crazy theres a hero called normalman who has no superpowers
lol, that's the perfect name for him. I think there is a superhero with a hearing aid too! 
That's pretty cool. Did you know Stan Lee has written for DC comics
No I didn't know that. That's interesting. I love Garfield, do you know if they have made a movie with Pet Force superheros in it?
Yea, I remember reading the pet force books when I was a kid
Only comics, no movie yet? Garfield must be a great superhero with his disposition!
Yea, I enjoyed them, well have a good night
Have you seen the Black Panther movie?
I have seen it and all the marvel movies they're awesome. Have you? 
I did
What do you think of them? I like Chadwick as black panther. 
I just recently watched it.  I thought he was really good.  Did you know that the Black Panther is the richest superhero?  He is worth an estimated $500 billion dollars!
Yeah and bruce wayne is worth a lot less. Hard to believe it just came out last year. 
I know.  Seems like longer than that.  Did you know that they almost changed the name to Black Leopard because they didn't want people to confuse it with the black panther group?
Wow i can see that, i'm glad they didn't though. did you know Denzel Washington was Chadwick's private benefactor? 
I didn't know that.  What did he do for him?
Well Chadwick was accepted to a prestigious summer theater program at Oxford University but could not afford it, so Washington stepped in. Chadwick thanked him 20 years later at the premier of black panther. 
Wow!  What are the odds of that.  What a neat story!
Can you imagine Jack black as the Green lantern? 
I kind of have a feeling I would have liked that movie more.
I can't see him in that role but i guess if it was going to be a comedy it would have been very good, i like Black.
He's funny for sure.  Have you ever heard of Demetri Martin?  I'm not familiar with him.
I think that's the guy that wrote something or another, i can't really remember. Have you heard of the book called becoming Batman?
Ok.  I was reading that he was accepted into Harvard law, but left out of boredom to pursue a comedy career.  I haven't heard of that book.
No no you're right i got him confused with another guy. Wow i hope it worked out for him because i don't know if I've seen any of his stand up's. Have you?
I never heard of him before just now. LOL  Ryan Stiles also dropped out of high school to pursue a career in comedy.  I know who he is. lol
Is he funny, i may have seen them both. I'm just more familiar with faces than names. Do you know what the most expensive comedy ever made was?
Hmmm....That I don't know.  What was it?
Evan Almighty, did you see it? I saw parts of but i think i liked Bruce Almighty better
I did see that movie!  I liked them both.  I have to get going.  It's been fun chatting with you!
I love clothes. Did you know that Apple had a clothing line in 1986 ?
So do I but I did not know that about Apple. So cool! I'm interested in what it was like since Apple is so innovative at most things.
Yes they are. There is also a store that only sells clothes, cameras, etc found in unclaimed baggage at airports  
Now that I would want to check out. I bet you can find all sort of interesting items. In a chinese airport, a man wore 70 items of clothing to avoid the baggage charge. LOL
Lol that is something. Well Rip curl makes clothes in north korea yet the label says made in china
Hmm I don't like falsehoods like that. Be brave like the Greeks who literally made asbestos clothing and it was almost as valuable as gold! Ok.....
Wow. Did you know in Collinsville, il has a law that prohibits "saggy pants." ? 
I kinda like that law. Did you know that Miguel Cabarello makes bulletproof clothing and tests them on his employees? I wouldn't wanna work there!
Me either that sounds scary. People started wearing pants because of horses. mounted armies wearing pants were more effective than those wearing robes
Makes sense. So trousers and pants are the same in British and American English but in the UK pants usually means underwear and not trousers or pants. ??
Good question. I do know that tailored shorts may be called "short trousers", especially in the UK.
So many inconsistencies it seems but I guess as long as they know what it means. I want indestructible pants like the hulk.
I use to wear Aladdin's pants after mc hammer.
Nice! It was illegal for women to wear pants in Paris until 2013. Say what? So unfair. It was like that for 200 years. 
I could not live there at all . all I wear is pants for work.Listen to this, A d.c. judge sued a small dry cleaning business for over $67 million for the loss of a pair of pants.
Yeah me either. That is crazy. Must have been some pair of pant (maybe Hulk's) lol.
rotf Do you like birds ?
I like birds that stay away from me. I live near the beach and there have been many times birds have tried to attack me for my snacks. :) Crazy aves aka birds. 
lo did you know in most birds, bones are so hollow that the entire skeleton weighs less than the feathers
Wow, that's interesting. Birds without wings are the extinct moa and elephant birds. I have never heard of either of them.
Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests. that is something to know as well.You are amazing.good night

Do you like birds ?
Yes, I like to eat them! LOL. I guess they are ok as pets. You?
Yes, but not as pets, I have a bird feeder to observe wild birds. 
Hey, that sounds great!So what kinds of birds come around?
A lot, the most spectacular are the hummingbirds they are so tiny.  
They are beautiful little things. I like to see them flit around. Hummingbirds steal spiderwebs to construct and repair their nests. They are cunning.
It sound dangerous, they could get caught in it and be eaten by the spider. 
I guess! LOL Some birds fly from alaska to northern mexico without sleeping when migrating. How do they go without sleep? I want to know their secret.
Maybe they are just gliding in the wind and they sleep lightly doing it. Like when people sleep when they drive. Except it is not deadly. 
Oh, I see. Well they don't have phones to distract them. That's good. People can be real dodos behind the wheel.
Dodo became extinct without sleeping at the wheel, funny to think they are related to pigeons, which are not extinct. 
Pigeons are not terribly smart. But they breed prolifically. They cannot make interesting sounds. There are wild birds in australia that can mimic the sound of cameras, car alarms, and chainsaws.
That would drive me crazy. Especially if they started to make phone sounds. But waking up to chainsaw sounds is also terrible. 
Now that's a horror movie. Changing the subject, what kind of trousers do you like?
I like jeans, romans would not like them, they probably judge them as barbaric. 
I guess they looked simple and poor, unrefined. Hard to ride horses with them, I guess.
I think it would be tougher to ride a horse in a roman toga. But I never tired it. 
I guess the Romans would have shunned pants even though it were harder. Fashion is more important. 
Fashion is important, that's why Aladin's pants are like those 
 of MC Hammer's, and not disco pants. 
I thought MC Hammer modeled his pants on Aladdin's, actually! LOL. Oh well. Collinsville, il has a law that prohibits "saggy pants." I understand.
Maybe it is a agricultural town, they would a a safety issue on a farm , and a sanitation issue in a slaughter house. 
Yes, that's true. I think it's a terrible look. Not really cool. Anyway, great chat!
You too, have a great day. 
hello, what are your thoughts on Tesla Inc?
I think Telsa cars are pretty cool and innovative, I'd love to have a Model S
I would like to have one of those too, an S, X or a model 3 all seem like great cars
I never knew the Telsa model S runs on linux, I wonder how hard it would be to hack into
It must be really hard, I heard that software is really sequre, the s is road tested at an indoor track,
That's pretty cool, I guess since Tesla doesn't emit emissions they are able to test them indoors safely
Thats actually really responsible with the environment, I think Elon Musk is a really smart man, he sacrifices a lot of money for the company
Yea, Musk must be super rich to take a 78 million paycut to his Tesla salary
He must be taking a paycut like that one, I didnt know Toyota owned a part of Tesla
Me neither, I also had no clue Tesla help develop the Rav 4 EV
Elon Mysk also founded Paypal and Spacex,
I knew Musk founded Space X but didn't know he also founded paypal, he must be worth billions for paypal alone
Yeah and also Tesla motors, all 3 of them must be worth a lot of money kind of like Netflix, a service with 137 million subscribers
it's crazy how big netflix has grown since being founded in 1997, now it is available worldwide
It is crazy, I bet Reed Hashtings and Marc Randolph didnt had such a big proyect in mind, its now a giant of the industry
Yea I bet Reed Hastings couldn't of imagine how big his idea would be after being inspired by $40 late fees on his Apollo 13 rental
I can relate to him I got a fine like that one once, I got so angry, its a good thing he started teh service
Yea, it's crazy netflix still mails out movie, they spend 20x on postage as they do on bandwidth
It is crazy, I cant believe they still have a rental service, aybe they will eliminate that one soon
It's shocking that Blockbuster declined to buy netflix for $50 million several times, they refused to get with the ties
They did? I bet they regret that decision, anyways its been great chatting with you, hope we can do this again
You too, have a great day
Hi, how do you like Tesla?
I've never driven or ridden in one, but I have to admit that they're pretty sleek cars
Neither have I, and you know, I did not know they were related to Toyota, who owns 10% of Tesla
Tesla helped develop the 2nd generation Rav4ev, which I have ridden in before. I'm more familiar with Toyota cars
 I found really cool they could test one of the models indoors because does not produce any emissions!
Isn't that the model S? That would also mean that it can be parked inside a closed garage
And It would not do any harm! I think the founder, Elon musk did a great design there!
Well, he also founded PayPal and SpaceX, so he definitely knows what he's doing!
He has been involved with online banking, aerospace manufacturers, Ai technologies, Neurological technologies among other things!!
I wonder what made him choose to use Linux in the Model S. There must be a good reason for that
He is not conventional, for example he took a large paycut on his Tesla salary, out of $78 million he returned everything except for $1
But I'm sure it was worth it, whatever the reason. He seems like the kind of guy who takes big risks for something he thinks will pay off in the future
He is not tied  to the conventional. I would like to see the vertical takeoff electrical pasenger jet he wants to build
Not just that, but I wonder what his long-term plan is when it comes to mars colonization. A heavy lift rocket would be nice, but there's a lot more that would need to be invented for that type of colonization
It looks like he is seriously thinking about that. I would want to stay on earth definetely
Oh, definitely! I don't know what his wife looks like, but she was in the movie Inception
I remember her and the movie as well, It is amazing. It looks like he acted too in "Thank you for smoking", I have not seen that one
I've never heard of that one, but I'm surprised that someone who is that much into not having emissions would be in something with that title
He even have time for boring stuff, he founded The boring company! 
Does he even sleep? He has all the energy to pursue all these different ideas
It was nice talking to you! good bye
How's it going? Do you keep up with the world cup? Palolo Guerreo scored the game wining goal for Peru against New Zealand
I'd love to go to Peru. Not to see the FIFA World cup, but to see the land. America always does good in the World cup, I think.
I know France typically does well in the World Cup, I think they won the most recent one
I hear they've held the FIFA World cup in Russia. I wonder if it was snowing when they were playing. Seems chess might be a more reasonable game...or hockey!
Seems that way, I wonder how Taipa would play in Russia after playing in Orlando city
You mean at the football game he might feel the effects of changing climate and jet lag and all that?
Yea, I wonder how all the teams from places like Costa Rica and the Middle East will fare 
I've heard elevation really can make a difference in how sports players get on. I wonder if the association for football will ever get involved to be sure players can be ok? Maybe they do already?
I don't know but they should. I heard the city in Quatar hosting the 2022 world cup doesn't even exist yet
Wow, that's not that far away! When does the FIFA World cup decide when it will be help?
It's awarded every four years since 1930
That's so many years!  I just like how they say GOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!
Yea but they make a lot of money, more than football, basketball, golf. and tennis combined
I like to play chess more than football, but mostly because I don't want a head injury. I'm crazy enough without that, too!
I haven't played chess much, apparently there are more moves than atoms in the universe, sounds untrue to me
I've tried to be good at chess for years, but didn't start playing until I was a teenager. I'd try to come up with strategy moves but I always end up being the one who is checkmated.
I was never good at chess, apparently there's a negative correlation between iq and the highest skilled players
I never knew until recently that chess was invented in India. I'd like to go to India and play chess...but maybe a few hundreds or even thousands of years ago back in time.
Well at least before the 7th century, that's a lot of games of chess played
Well, it's not about chess being new when I play it but more about having much less pollution than there is now. Stories I've heard make India seem like it was a paradise years ago.
I have to go, it was nice talking with you
Hi, do you watch the World Cup?
Yes. It is festival, We enjoy for a month. All team are eager to lift the trophy they are working very hard.
Yeah. I think Peru is the team to watch.
Wining or loosing are the part of the game. Nice to watch it.
Yeah but the Hungary national team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956. So winning was a part. But losing? not so much.
21 world cup tournament has been won by 8 teams, it is most prestigeous tournament of the world.
What about Chess tournaments?
Chess is a two player strategy board game played on chessboard, Chess is believed to be originated in India.
We need a Chaturanga Championship Tournament.
Yes, some of the eastern strategy games xiangqi, janggi and shogi. Chess reached the European countries in 9th century.
But Soccer makes more than all the major US sports combined. How much cash does Chess bring in?
In 20th century computers have been programmed to play chess with increasing success. Which also make the game very popular all over the world.
But are there economic gains for countries that host Chess tournaments? There aren't for the World Cup.
The best player can awarded specific lifetime title by the world chess organization. Grand Master title is highest.
If chess was really invented by aliens, then a better title is in order.
It is very interesting.
Sure is. But not as interesting as 3 team soccer.
Yes, chess is indoor game but soccer is outdoor both are totally different.
Yeah, i doubt Jon Stewart can play Chess. 
Strong mental health is needed for any games for having tactics and handle the pressure of the game.
It's also needed in order to have a good conversation. Have a great day!
I know a lot more about chess than soccer.  What are Peru's chances for a world cup?
Much better now that Guerrero is back... so they say. I am with you, chess is closer to my heart. Although the World Cup is popular.
Apparently the connection is Elo ratings.  The player ranking system for chess has been applied to world cup games.
Nice. Too bad the FIFA players can't ride on those little horses they use in chess.
That would look a lot like polo.  I would like some one to shout 'GOOOOOLLL!' when I make a good move in chess.
Muy bien! Fantastico! Give that person a Boy Scout merit badge in chess!
These little bits of knowledge are fun.  I wonder if more people play chess or soccer.  Less running in chess I think.
I like the idea that Pawns each used to have their own names, based on commoner occupations. McDonald's drive through attendant  takes kings bishop. Nice.
I have never heard that. Is that something like rock paper lizard spock?  There are more possible move in a game of chess than atoms in the known universe. 
And with a style where three players can play simultaneously, I can be beaten with any of those moves twice at the same time!
Car wash squeegee man takes takes queens rook.  The president of the world chess federation believes chess was invented by aliens.... 
Stable boy wrestles rook away from squeegee man.  I wonder if Chaturanga was this much fun?
I bet it was.  People in India like a good game.  I wonder if the pieces were kind of like gods or just animals.  Elephant scooper moves forward two spaces.
I wonder how different Shogi is from Chess? Bishop slides through remains of what the elephant scooper missed.
I have no idea about shogi.  Chess reached Europe by the 9th century.  School lunch lady advances one space.
Pieces assumed their current powers in Spain in the late 15th century. Proctologist's assistant move in behind Queens janitor.
LOL.  The rules were standardized in the 19th century.  Chernobyl janitor moves to the eighth rank on the board and becomes a queen.
Nice. Not bad for a bunch of rocks on a 8x8 board!  Q-tip quality control assistant has the kings ear, influences next move.
There is a negative correlation between IQ and chess skill in strong players.  TV weather man opens window and states the obvious, moves forward one space. 
The Superbowl is smaller than the third biggest FIFA event, but still much bigger than a pawn.  
Soccer makes more money that football, basketball, baseball combined.  Mongo, pawn in game of life tired of drinking.  Does nothing
There was only one 1 group in world cup history that ended in a 4-way tie. I lay down my King and genuflect at your feet.
Do you follow FIFA soccer at all?
I do! I was so happy to see France win the world cup again. Long wait for the next one now.
I think the women play this year?  Right?
Oh yeah that's right. Should tide me over. The bids for the 2022 world cup were pretty crazy. Did you see what countries were offering?
Yeah, and they chose Qatar.  
It's a good choice but Japan would have been cool. They were going to project 3d holograms of the games! Beats 4k for sure.
That is crazy, that would definitely get my vote
Hopefully it will be cool enough in Qatar. It gets VERY hot there.
Well, seeing as they havent even built the city that will host the final, they might be building some super cool indoor stadiums or something.
Yes with ac and all, however with things like this they never tend to go as planned. They still have time but for them at least I imagine time will fly by fast.
It always does.  It is a shame no place ever really profits off hosting in the long run
They can't with today's security costs. Really it should just be played at the same place every time or at least every other time. It's crazy to think that the superbowl is smaller then soccers 3rd largest event.
The super bowl doesnt involve a lot of people, so many people follow soccer in the world
Yeah american football just doesn't have worldwide appeal. The people who do casually watch, watch for the commercials. Soccer is played in over 200 countries so everyone grows up with it.
That is true, it does even make more money that many other sports combined.
It probably helps you don't need much equipment to play either. You do need to be in shape though. Soccer players run an average of 7 miles per game!
Thats why I always played keeper.  Far less running!
Yes! do you play Chess as well? I find it very challenging when you are matched up with someone who is equally skilled.
I can play, but I am not very good.  I cant see many moves ahead like some people can.
Maybe you should try 3 person chess. There is a special board that allows 3 people to play all at once.
I dont know about that...  sounds like aliens might have invented that...
LOL. I'm not sure about the 3 person version but current chess boards were invented in spain in the 15th century but the game goes all the way back to before the 7th century!
According to the president of the world chess federation it was invented by aliens.
Are you sure that wasn't a joke? I think I'll go look into that. It was nice chatting with you.
You never know.  Have a great night!
What entertainment do you enjoy?
I liked horror movies, like The Exorcist.
So is horror your favorite genre?
I don't think so.  I think drama may be my favorite genre, but I do love some horror movies.  I mentioned the Exorcist because it is legitimately one of my favorites. I recently learned that during  the filming of the movie, no one thought it was a horror film.  That's funny.
For me horror is usually a hit or miss. I personally enjoy drama since it brings depth to a story either through tragedy or comedy
Yes, a lot of horror doesn't interest me.  I like some old slasher movies from the 80s though.  What's your favorite dramatic movie?
I think horror films are very subjective. you can even consider bambi to be one
The destruction of the environment, the death of close loved ones... pretty horrific.  But seems more like a drama to me!  Poor Bambi.  Tell me why you think Bambi could be a horror movie!  Interested to hear your thoughts on that one.
I mean for a little kid, seeing death is quite tramatic
Yes, learning about death as a little kid can be terrifying, and a movie like that might stick with you for a long time.  Learning about death is part of learning about the universe though, and I think it's pretty important.
True, but how much will we ever really know about the universe? 
Good question... I can't claim to know much about it other than that it's a crazy mystery.  I think it's trippy thinking about the idea that our universe could exist inside of a black hole.  It's like that movie Inception or something.
It is also hard to comprehend there is a region of space pulling galaxies outside the observable universe
Yea that stuff blows my mind.  I can't really comprehend it.  Also interesting that black holes apparently emit super low sound waves that humans can detect (not with their ears, but still).  
Imagine if everything is one big superhologram?
Right?  I remember reading recently that Elon Musk from Tesla thinks that it's possible we live in one giant simulation.  Reminds me of The Matrix.  It's not too outrageous a thought when you learn how crazy the universe is.
I mean there is even a theory that is only 1 electron in the universe. I can't even understand what that means
Same here.  I kind of think of that CGI animation at the end of Men In Black where the camera zooms out from Earth and our universe to the point where it all becomes a marble that is being played with by some galactic monster.  It's actually kind of a comforting thought that the universe is so strange... it makes little things that happen in my life seem less weird.
I found it interesting how in the men in black, the galaxy was a marble
I love that movie.  The sequels weren't so great in my opinion though.  Have you seen them?
Yes I found them to be decent. In any case, thanks for chatting.
Do you know if Hasbro was hurt by Toys R Us?
It definetly was, Toys R Us was one of the biggest toy stores in the US and it closed its doors so that definetely affected the sales of many companies
What other companies could fill in the void left by Toys R Us?

Companies such as Amazon, Wallamart and even Target are good options, what are your thoughts on these companies?
It is hard to say.     Only about a third of the lost volume has been made up.
I guess theres more to it than just a great intermidiate, Im sad about the workforce shortage the company has to make.
True.    Hasbro is expected to lost up to $60 million in severance.
Thats a lot of money, so changing the subject a bit did you happen to see the movie Frozen?
I thought it was a good adaptation of the Snow Queen fairy tale.
It was pretty good, my daughter loved the movie,  Star Wars is also another good franchise, both own by Disney now
True.    Did you know Marcia Lucas is responsible for many iconic Star Wars moments.
Behind every great man there is a great woman, I guess this phrase applies to George Lucas and I didnt know that but it doesnt surprise me either.
Then again, James Early Jones is great, but he only made 7500 for his iconic role in Star Wars.
Only $7500 someone defintely got ripped off, kind of like Fox with George Lucas, although it was all because the lack of faith of the network in the franchise
You know who didn't get ripped off?    Amazon's first customer, who spent $27.95 and had a building named after him!
That sure is a bargain $27.95 for having a building named after you and plus you also get  merchandize from the company
True.     They are tough negotatiors.     They even got a contract for Sunday deliveries with the USPS!
Wow, I bet Amazon is one of the few companies to have a contract like that one, you know they have a patent on the 1-click buying option
I heard that fact.    Amazing what can be accomplished in less than 25 years!
I know right, in just 25 years Amazon has placed itself on the top of the world even higher than companies such as Target and Walmart
True!    Thanks for the chat.    I think I will go read something on my Kindle!
Do you like toys r us?
I used to, a lot. Do you like them?
Well Hasbro is catching it. they dropped 7% in sales.
Wow, I also read they're down 24% internationally.
Yeah make way for Bezos he's taking over the world, lol.
Yeah. He's also going to do the same for a lot of grocery stores, with the purchase of whole foods.
You know that frozen was directed by a woman. The first in Disney history.
Wow. I know there is an Olaf in space!
How in the world did he get there? The writer's name was Jennifer Lee. Good for her.
Yeah, that movie made $1B in box office. That's really impressive, regardless of sex.
Your right but i'm happy that a women will finally get some credit, you know? 
I agree! I wish more women got more chances. Us white guys really take up too many chances.
Yeah but don't blame yourself society has it set up that way. Some one had a building named after them for being the first customer on amazon.
They spent Like $30 for a building named after them. It doesn't matter what they bought, they got a name on a building!
right i wonder what building it was. If you want to lose some weight you should get a job in their warehouse, lol. 7-15 miles a shift.
They hold the patent for 1-click buying. Apples pays them a licensing fee. I had no idea!
Me either, this guy is a genius, im impressed. They also have a contract with usps. 
Their arrow means they have everything from a to z
Yup and they do. so they bought imbd in 1998. ?He's trying to take over the world he should just run for president.
Only if there's 1-click voting!
Right too funny!! Nice chatting with you!
Ditto! Have a nice day!
Hi, how are you? Do you like toys?
Who doesn't like toys, lol! Hasbro been taking hits i hear.
Yeah, and then to blame it on a defunct, bankrupt company seems like they lack accountability. Even I saw their demise.
Yeah that's right looks like they were down 7% in revenues in the US and Canada. 
And 24% internationally. They should have seen the amazon monster coming for them!
Yeah Jeff should run for president.
It would be interesting. He owns a lot so he has the platform.
I remember Toys r us as a kid. They embodied Christmas. lol!
That catalog! I went into my local store when they were closing, just to look around. And it was dead! Everything was gone and it was symbolic of my childhood at that point. I was so sad.
Too funny! apparently they owe Hasbro 59M last September. 
Woops! That's a lot to have to write off or down. Man!
Yeah! Have you ever seen frozen it was written by the first women for a disney film.
I have seen that. I had no idea it was originally called snow queen.
Yeah it's a 2013 American 3D computer animated musical fantasy film.
They have had 53 animated feature films!?!?!?! Wow, I thought it was like 25.
The first female director name was Jennifer Lee. Good for her i wonder if she has any other works.
She might not need to work again since Frozen brought in $1B!
I know that's awesome. They renamed Rapunzel to tangled because it was too feminine and they thought it would not do as well. 
did you ever see Brave? That movie was great! I loved how they did her hair.
Yes i have to say i saw that one too. Alan Tudyk has had a role in every Disney film since wreck it Ralph. 
Wow, he must be important. It has been nice chatting with you!
good morning to you! How are you today
Good morning!  I'm doing well unlike Toys R Us.  It's a shame they filed for bankruptcy.
I know, I'm still upset about that one. Hasbro is blaming their 7% holiday drop on Toys R Us closing
I guess that it is possible.  I've heard that Hasbro is going to build a warehouse in the midwest to improve their shipping times. Maybe that will help.
yea their analysts at DA Davidson think that would be their best move. i think it could help with shipping costs to retailers
Maybe that will improve their bottom line.  Did you know that Toys R Us owed Hasbro around $59 million last September?
thats a ton of money and probably not the only people they owed money to sadly. The Hasbro brand covered some of the biggest licensed brands so its not surprising 
You know, I think that if Toys R Us had lowered it's prices some they might still be in business. They were just too high priced compared to Walmart and Amazon.
both oo high priced and far too less convenient than shopping from home on Amazon
I agree with that.  Amazon is the largest internet retailer in the world.
with one of the most unique founders in the world, Jeff Bezos. 
He is.  Did you know he built a clock into a mountain that should last for 10,000 years?  The question there is, why?
yup haha that's what i was referring to when I was saying he was unique. is he that bored? that's crazy. Amazon has explioded in growth since it was founded in 1994
It really has.  I have to admit, whenever I want to buy something Amazon is the first place I think of.
I think that's the case for almost everyone these days. They have so much stuff that warehouse workers tend to walk 7-15 miles every single shift
Well, it's good exercise and good pay from what i hear.  You know you are an important business though when the post office agrees to deliver your stuff on Sundays!
they do that? I thought the post offices were always closed on Sundays?
I did too, but I guess not for Amazon.
thats crazy. Almost as crazy as the first sale on Amazon being for a building for 27.95. Can you imagine being the guy who did that?
That guy had to be either very trusting or very crazy lol!  I wonder what building it was!
Me too! All i know is that I bet he's hapy he made that risk way back then
Hello, how are you?
I'm great, you?
Pretty good, Do you like music?
Absolutely, who doesn't? 
Yeah, some more than others. Ed Sheeran has a great vocal range!
I really enjoy listening to Ed Sheeran, I've listened to every album. 
Really that's interesting. Yes, I do too!  He couch surfed for 2 1/2 years between gigs.
Yeah, I love the fact he is influenced by Eminem, which is a true inspiration. 
Yes, interesting Lady Gaga has four names.
Wow really? 
Three girl names, Stefani Joanne Angelina.
That is really pretty. I remember listening to her before she was famous. Lady Gaga is so close with Elton John, he made her the god mother to his son.
Really, that's nice. Pink Floyd still got one of the best selling albums of 2014.
That is amazing, they are such a old group, I'm surprised so many people still listen to them. Speaking of older groups, Lady Gaga's favorite band is Iron Maiden.
I know, and that surprises me about Lady Gaga! Did you see the Grammys this year?
I watched a little bit of it. 
I missed it, I did see some parts the next day.  Like to watched the before show interviews.
I believe there was a controversy about women not winning some categories.  
Yes, I see that.  NY Times stated only 9 percent of nominees have been women.
It's kind of ridiculous because the women this year have released better music than most men. At least in my opinion.
I know, crazy. Justin Biebers song "love yourself" was written by Ed sheeran.
I remember Ed Sheeran talking about this, I think it's cool.
Omg, two twins at 100 years old released a rap album in Japan.lol
Oh my goodness, that is crazy! lol Anyway, it was nice talking to you, I've got to get some sleep. Have a goodnight!
you too!
Thanks, bye!
Hi, do you like Lady Gaga?
Yes! I love Lady Gaga.
Did you know that her real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta?  
I think I knew her name is Stefani. I had no idea that she has two middle names. Joanne, I believe, was the name of her grandmother.
That's cool.  I heard she first began performing as a teenager, singing at open mic nights and acting in school plays.  What's your favorite Gaga song?
I did not know she did school plays. I think my favorite song is actually the song named after her grandmother called "Joanne". Do you have a favorite song by her? Are you a fan??
I became a pretty big fan in 2008 when her first album, The Fame was released and contained Poker Face.  Did you see the new movie she is in with Bradley Cooper?
I cannot believe that album was nearly ten years ago. I have no seen it. I did see they won a Grammy for the song 'Shallow' the other night. I think that is the name of the song anyway.
You're right, that was the name of the song.  The movie is very good too, you should definitely see it.  It's funny that Lady Gaga got her name from a predictive text glitch that changed "radio" to "lady"
This is what everyone keeps telling me. I enjoy Bradley Cooper so I think I would like the movie. I am really glad that she went with 'Lady Gagy' and not 'Radio Gaga'....
Yeah, it definitely wouldn't have the same ring to it.  It's interesting that she became so popular that the LAPD asked for her assistance.  They asked her to tweet to her 11.4 million followers about information for some upcoming road work so the word would get out faster.
I read that! Good thing some celebrity influence can do some good...if that is considered good LOL I didn't know Elton John had any children. Not surprised that Lady Gage is the godmother.
That's cool she's Elton's son's godmother... Does Lady Gaga have any children of her own?  It's funny that she was on MTV's "Boiling Points" before anyone ever knew she was going to be famous
No, she does not have any of her own children. I wonder if I can find that clip of her on Boiling Points somewhere. Would be interesting to see what she looked like. She had to have been 18/19 at the time I would guess?
Probably so... It's interesting that many big artists appeared on television shows before they were famous.  Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears were both on the Mickey Mouse Club when they were much younger.
I remember reading about Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake being on the Mickey Mouse Club when they were children. Ryan Gosling was on there as well!
Do you think Ed Sheeran was on any TV shows before he was famous?  I didn't realize he had written "Love Yourself" but gave it away to Justin Bieber, lol.
If he has been it was definitely in the 
It's weird that Eminem is one of Ed's biggest musical influences... their musical styles couldn't be any more different.
It was definitely in the UK. I don't know what happened there. Ed Sheeran has had to have written for many people. I would never have guessed Eminem for one of his musical influences. That is strange!
Definintely strange... Nice talking to you!
Hi, how are you?
Good this morning! Yourself? did you watch the Grammys?
I did not. I am not a huge awards show person. What about you? Did you watch them?
I did. I was really disappointed that Kesha and SZA were snubbed. I thought they would get some kind of nod.
I know Kesha but not SZA. Do you know SZA?
SZA sings r and B. She is pretty good. When the grammy guy was asked why more women weren't nominated, he blamed women, Not a good move.
Seems like he was shirking responsibility for sexism.
It sure looks like it. Although he did make a good point. If women want to be recognized, they do have o step up and make their voices heard.
Kesha sued her producer for sexual assault and despite the evidence, he was let off. Seems like she is not getting justice in either arena...
That is so true. I loved her video Tik Tok too. Sing it almost every day even if it is silly. I thought Lady gaga would at least be mentioned for her music in that film she did with Bradley Cooper.
Her super bowl leap was crazy. Did you see that last year?
No! I'll have to look that up. I guess Lorde was pretty ticked off at the grammy's too. They wouldn't let her sing.
I do think they should add the most tone deaf spoken word statement award. So many white males would be nominated!
They would! I guess Ed Sheeran won for this year! :)
I like him... Don't tell my judgmental friends...
:) I do too. He makes loving music. Fun stuff. Did you see the white roses everyone wore to the grammy's by any chance?
I did not. What did they signify?
The time's up initiative. a legal fund set up for victims of sexual harassment! Huge support for it. 
Speaking of white males... I found/find that whole movement disappointingly necessary. Can't people just act right?
That would be nice, but men have run the industry for so long, they think it's their privilege. Do you ever listen to Lady Gaga?
I have in the past. Do you listen to her?
not too much. I watched her video with Bradley cooper last night. She is so much prettier without all the make up. I watched her a little in american horror story. Was really over the top. 
Nice chatting with you!
Do you like Kesha? personally I think shes a great artist with a lot of talent
ya I do like her, can't believe she was snubbed last year at the Grammys
Yeah and also Ed Sheeran had a controversial win, not sure if he deserved that.
ya I can't say I agree, do you like Lady Gaga btw?
Yeah I do, not only as a singer but shes also a great actress, what about you? do you like her?
ya she does a good job, I guess she was born back in 1986 which is one year younger than me haha
Shes a young artist, she has a lot to give, many singles, many movies to come. 
ya I could see that, its funny she got her name from a predictive text glitch that changed radio to lady
It is funny just like how the LAPD asked her to tweet info about an upcoming roadwork in the town
ya that was funny, also cool is Elton John who chose Lady Gaga to be his son's godmother, thats cool
Thats interesting, did you ever watch the shoe Boiling Points on MTV?
nope never heard of it, what is it about?
Its a show that used to ran on MTV it was like a reality tv kind of show, well Lady Gaga was on it
oh I see, ya I like her early hits like Poker Face and Just Dance I think those were some of her best songs
Those are great songs, I like the as well, Lady  Gaga has a favorite band, not the less than Iron Maiden.
wow that is crazy the music is completely different, and ya she has sold over 27 million albums and 150 million singles, shes one of the best selling artists in teh history of music
Yeah they have like completely opposite styles just like Ed Sheeran cite Eminem as one of fhis biggest influences.
ah that is interesting, he also has a better vocal range than freddie mercury which is crazy
Thats suprising since Freddie Mercury had a really great and unique voice, Ed Sheeran is a great artits but Mercury is in another league.
ya I agree, nothing Ed has made touches Freddie's stuff, although it was nice that Ed gave the song Love Yourself to Bieber to sing
Yeah that was a nice thing to do, I guess they must be really good friends, Sheeran had a rough road to becoming the artist he is now
ya it sounds like he did, had to couch surf for 2 years and sleep outside, that sounds tough
Yeah it souds that way
Do you like pop music?
its ok, did you know most pop hits use the same 4 chords
Yes, very interesting, you can do a lot with 4 chords. Did you know that in a 2012 study they found out that pop music has grown louder and more musically homogeneous since the mid-60's? I believe that accounts for the 4 chord harmony.
probably, i do like "we are the champions", which is considered the catchiest pop song of all time
Pop music is part of our culture and other cultures as well. The President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. 
funny, must not be too busy being president. i read that some pop record labels send out rejection letters that start with "dear loser"
Ha, no doubt. Still pop music is "popular". Ricky Gervais was a pop singer in the 80's. And, North Korea even has its own k-pop girl band named the "Moranbong Band" which is the most popular music group in their country.
wow, how about the beatles, regarded as one of the most influential bands in history
The Beatles were cool. They started Beatlemania back in the 60's and they became integral to the pop music evolution and helped turn it into the art form that it is today.
nice, they broke in 1970 before any of them were even 30
Yes, they had political interests too. Another interesting fact is that the Beatles's song "Come Together" was written for Timothy Leary's 1969 California Governor campaign. 
interesting, and they used the word love 613 times in their songs!
Yes, the Beatles are known for that although none of the Beatles could actually read music.On top of that, they literally stopped touring because back in the day you couldn't hear them over the screaming in the audience. 
i can imagine, and no touring needed, aerosmith made more money from guitar hero then any album
Yes, the Beatles have a Guitar Hero game as well. Funny, another strange thing I found out was that Ringo Starr was illiterate for most of his childhood because he missed three years of school because he had tuberculosis and peritonitis.
did not know that, walt disney did double track vocals 10 years before the beatles did
The Beatles ran the gamet though. They went from 50's type rock and roll to pop ballads and then to Indian music and finally to psychedelia and hard rock. And, all the while they incorporated classical elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways.
quite resourceful, people stop traffic to recreate beatles image at abbey road too
Cool. Yes, Abbey Road was one of their best albums. They even had the best selling album of the 2000's. Apparently part of that "Beatlemania" carries on in today's world.
definitely, nice chatting
Same here. Have a good one.
Are you a fan of pop music?
i do like pop music. also jazz and rock. how about you?
I love pop music, especially the late 90s early 00s! It has been around since the 50s
do you like 80s pop? it has a distinct sound. i think that it is popular with the kids now because it is nostalgic.
I don't know if I ever heard of that king. I once heard music from Ricky Gervais in the 80s, that was interesting!
there are many wonderful pop songs from that time. you can find them on YouTube. impress your friends with your knowledge of ancient pop.
I will have to look them up. I heard North Korea has its own pop style, that would be interesting to listen to!
i think that NK must have a pretty bad kind of pop. probably syrupy and stuff. i bet they sing about the dead leader.
For sure and then cry about it lol! Do you have any favorite albums?
no favorite albums. i usually listen to songs on youtube. I do like some jazz albums on there i guess. what about you?
I like Linkin parks hybrid theory, that best selling album in the 21st century. I also liked the beatles albums, but now yes I listen to on youtube a lot now 
LP made a great album. they deserve to be #1. too bad about their singer.
right, sad that people battle those demons. Were you a fan of NWA
i was not a fan, but they sure could spit mad fire.
For sure, they released their album and it became platinum without major air play or tours!
they knew that the streets was hungry for some real beats, real truth. they did not need to market reality to the people.
For sure, they coined F the police I think, great song though. Almost as good as the songs made by 2 100 year old twins from japan.
I want to hear what those twins released. It must be about arthritis and stuff.
lol, and a lot of back pain and back in my days! lol! great chatting with you!
I enjoyed chatting as well! Have a good day!
you too, bye!
Hi there, do you like fish
Hi, I sure do. Do you know much about them?
I know some stuff. There is a specis of them that can eat prety twice their size
WOw that is amazing. Do you know how long a goldfish once lived?
hmm maybe 10 years, I am not sure how long they can live.
Well this guy lived to be 43, that is a lot
Yeah that is amazing. Do you know which fish has a neck?
Hmm there is a fish that has a neck? Do not know, which one is it?
Yeah it is the seahorse actually and they are the only ones too
Oh cool, I did not know seahorses are qualified as fish to be honest
Yeah I know. There is a species of jellyfish that is immortal.
Wow, maybe we need to study them. And they evaporate in the sun because they are made of water mostly
Yeah they are pretty cool. Do you know why there is so much research on zebrafish?
Hmm I do not know that, are they somehow related to us?
In a way. Genes that are responsible for diseases in us can be found in them too
Oh wow then it totally makes sense to study them and invest in that kind of research
Yeah exactly. Do you use the computer much?
All the time actually. Do you know what Captcha is an acronym for?
I actually do not know that good question. DO you know?
Yeah it stands for Completely Automated Public Turing Test to tell computers and humans apart. 
WOw that is very long, I like the acronym much better.
So, is there a national Pi day, or is just someones hope?
That is funny. It must be a mathematicians dream.
Actually I just looked it up, March 14th.  It's a day to celebrate mathematics, some people just buy pies though.
Oh I see. Nice. Many people think the world would be a better place if we can appreciate things beyond the scientific fields.
I used to enjoy doing math at school, until it got too theoretical.   Talk of quantum math just baffles me. 
Yeah it is very tough stuff. I liked biology and learning about fish. So amazing they lack limbs with digits!
Math must difficult without fingers to do the basics on.
Ha ha yes I would imagine so. There's only one fish who has a neck and that is the seahorse.
Is a seahorse a fish.  I suppose it can't be anything else. What about jellyfish, are they fish?
Yes I guess it is considered a fish but I am not certain. As for jellyfish I believe so. There is even a breed of jellyfish that never dies. Maybe a blessing or maybe a curse.
How would you know?  You can't ask it, and you can't watch it all the time, I'd need some kind of proof to believe that.
Yes true. I would like to know more. They probably get eaten all the time too. By the black swallower fish perhaps!
Is that the one that eats ten times its weight?  That's how I feel after Thanksgiving meals.  
Haha yes thats the one. Also the zebra fish shares 84% of genes known to be associated with human disease.
If they are that closely related maybe the have the capacity to play chess?  Of course, we are back to them not having limbs and fingers, so maybe not.
Ha ha yeah I would like to know more about that. Some people actually believe that chess was created by aliens.
Those people are probably more closely related to the zebra fish than just 84%.  I understand it came from India, mot Mars.
Very interesting. There was once a chess grandmaster who beat somebody without even looking at the board. That would be embarrassing.
I might be the one on the losing side.  I used to have a computer chess set when I was a kid.  I figured out how to cheat it, so never really learned anything from it, aside from how to cheat.
Oh interesting I would be curious to know how people cheat. There are more possible moves in a game of chess than they are atoms in the known universe.
I know, there's this story of the invention of teh game, and how the creator asked for a grain of rice to be double every square of the board.  By the time you get to the last square there is more rice than exists.  Have a good day.
Do you like fish?  I love them!
I think fish are crazy how many are out there haha. The oldest goldfish ever was 43 years old!
That is incredible!  lol  The black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight!
Dang that fish doesn't care at all lol. Have you ever seen a species of fish that lives on land all its adult life?
No I have't.  What's that called?
I'm not sure either lol, was hoping you would know. Have you ever seen a jellyfish evaporate in the sun?
I haven't!  But I know that there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal!
I wouldn't want to mess with them! They are 98 percent water so I'm sure it's easy to evaporate in the sun!
I bet!  Freshwater fish only drink through their skin via osmosis while saltwater fish drink water through their mouths.
That is one interesting fact! Can you believe there was a fish that lived for 226 years? I wonder how many owners it had?
That is pretty cool!  I've heard Koi fish can live a long time.  A seahorse is the only fish to have a neck!
You would guess there would be others but I guess not! So what kind of computer do you own?
I have a personal computer. They are in so many devices now it's crazy.
I agree! Do you know what captcha stands for since we probably see it all the time on here?
I don't know.  What does it stand for?
completely automated public turing test to tell computers and humans apart. Say that ten times fast lol.
lol  The space shuttle's general purpose computer ran on 1mb of ram!
That's crazy! You would think it would take up more huh? Have you ever played the game Doom?
I remember when that first came out in the mid-90s lol  Yes I played it back then.
That was the most installed piece of software on computers in 1995, ahead of windows 95 itself haha. It was nice chatting with you!
Nice!  Have a great night!  It's been fun!
Hello do you like taylor swift?
Hey there! I can tolerate Taylor Swift, she's not my favorite or anything, what about you? Did you know that she'll walk backwards so that her picture can't be taken by paparazzi?
I like her music,  I dont know much about her.  That is pretty funny and probably effective!
Yeah I could see it being effective. Do you know who Olaf the snowman is? The one from the movie Frozen? I guess she dressed up as him on tour haha that's pretty funny
wow thats awesome,  Yes I love Olaf lol Taylor swift accidently released 8 seconds of white noise and topped the canada charts lol 
Haha that's funny. That's some really expensive White Noise LOL. I guess that she came from a wealthy family too, she lived on a tree farm that was about 11 acres in size
wow,  must be nice!  
She does seem like she's a giver though, all the proceeds from her tour called Wildest Dream to an African Wildlife Conservation Center
Yeah Ive heard of her donating to a lot of charities and even others in need.  she gave Kesha money to fight her sexual harrassment case too. 
Well that's nice of her. Does a lot of pop crossovers too, which is cool. It's also impressive that she started her music career at the age of 14.
Taylor swift removed her music from spotify because " music shouldnt be free"
That's interesting. You like her song that's called"our song"? Apparently she was the youngest person to write and perform a number one country hit, with that song,
No I havent heard of that one,  is it good?
No I haven't either. I'm not a massive fan of hers, but she does seem very talented so I'll have to check some of her stuff out. Do you like any other albums? Not necessarily by her
Yes absolutely,  my favorite right now is Bryce Vine.  I hear linkin parks album hybrid theory is the best selling of the 21st century.
Ok I'll have to check that out. What do you think about Aerosmith? Apparently they need more money by lending their rights to the Guitar Hero franchise then buy any kind of record sales LOL that's crazy
I think that was a great idea in my opinion, guitar hero was a hit because of their contribution,  thats a lot of royalties. 
Yes I agree! I love playing those games when I was in high school, do you like Led Zeppelin by the way? I love that they didn't name their fourth album just to mess with the rock press, wish they hated
I never really listened to their music.  Thats hilarious. 
You should check them out, they're actually really good! Just don't buy any records at Walmart by the way, they only sell clean versions of records, that would really annoy me
Yeah that is annoying, I wanna hear the music the artist released,  not some edited version. 
Hey how's it going are you a Star Wars fan? I actually really enjoyed the Solo Star Wars film!
I like some of them. Did you know that Al Pacino turned down the role of Han Solo because he couldn't understand the script?
Hah that's kind of funny and sad at the same time. I thought Ron Howard did a good job directing.
I thought he did so too. Alden Ehrenreich did really good as Han Solo.
Yeah he was great. I liked the movie because it took place 10 years after "A New Hope" so it gave some closure.
Yeah and that's what I feel that series lacks is closure. There's too many open loops in the story line for me. 
Yeah it always leaves you hanging. But there were some answered questions. I liked how Han Solo was a tie fighter pilot before piloting the millennium falcon!
Yeah and he also was an Imperial Lieutenant before his companionship with Chewbacca. 
Interesting. Did you know George Lucas originally intended Han Solo to be a large green alien or a black man?
That's pretty interesting, he also considered Christopher Walker for as Han Solo. 
Oh he wouldn't be too bad. Have you seen Deadpool 2 by chance? I loved Ryan Reynolds in that!
I loved that movie. Did you know that the video game cost more to make than the movie?
Wow how is that even possible? It is also the highest grossing film of all time not directed by Lucas or Cameron!
That is wild! In a 2004 comic book series, Deadpool described himself as "Ryan Reynolds crossed with a Shar-Pei," this lead Reynolds to believe he was destined for the role. 
Haha very cool. He really played the role well. He even voiced the mystery villain!
I heard that the screenwriters released that. That's pretty neat. 
Very neat indeed. In addition to watching movies I also love to travel. Did you know the Japanese highway tolls are extremely expensive? I would hope they have nice roads. 
I've heard that it cost more than $300 to travel across the country. I'd hope they use that money on the roads.
Yeah seriously I would hope so. I wonder how much it would cost to ride in those Dutch buses that go up to 160mph?!
I'm not sure, but I feel it would be worth it. I wish I had one when I was going on business trips!
Yeah that would have been cool. Also I love hawaii and they had a king who loved to travel too! Nice chatting with you!
Hello, what is your favorite movie?
I really like the movie The Godfather. One movie that I think is only ok though is Deadpool 2, did you see that movie
I have seen dead pool 2. It is probably my favorite movie of all time! Although I also do really like solo a star wars story
Yeah Deadpool 2 came out in 2018, I actually like the first one a lot but didn't really like the second, did you ever play the video game
No I have not, although I heard the video game was decent. Have you ever played the video game?
Yes I did. The video game is actually really good! And shockingly it cost more than the first Deadpool movie to make
That makes sense, as it costs the video game developers a lot of money to design the graphics, and a lot more to market the game.
Do you remember in Deadpool to the mystery villain? Apparently Ryan Reynolds does his voice, I wonder who the villain is going to be in Deadpool 3 though
I wonder too. Deadpool is the highest grossing r rated film that was not directed by George Lucas or James Cameron! No wonder it was so successful
Yes I agree. You said that you like Star Wars movies right? did you know that Han Solo used to be a TIE fighter pilot?
No I did not! Han Solo was apparently also an imperial lieutenant before meeting up with Chewbacca. 
Well that is interesting, also George Lucas wanted him to be a large green alien or a black man originally LOL that would have been a very different movie
I am glad that they chose for him to be a very furry person. He is one of my favorite star wars characters.
Yep I agree, I love Harrison Ford, what if they chose Christopher Walken though? He was in the running for it
I wonder what would have happened then. Maybe we should just be happy that the things are the way they are because the movie turned out to be excellent.
Yes we totally should. a lot of things came together well because if you was available, for instance Al Pacino turned down Han Solo's role because he didn't understand the script that would have been totally different too
It would have been very different. Do you think that we will ever be in a world similar to that of star wars?
No I don't think so, that world is too Fantastical I think, what do you think? I would like to travel to outer space though
Speaking of travelling. did you know that all of Japans highways have tolls? It would cost over 300$ to travel across Japan!
Yeah that sounds expensive, it would be fun to ride that Dutch Bus 160 miles per hour on those road so LOL.
I wonder if there had been many accidents with those buses because 160 mph does not sound very safe!
No thats definitely really fast. Maybe I'll take a trip to Mackinac Island though, they don't have buses or any kinds of cars for that matter, only horses
I tell you, this Taylor Swift is a magnet for controversy. 
Ahhh.. you know, haters gonna hate!  LOL.  Seriously though, yeah, I heard she's being sued!
At least its not Kanye West suing. I hear he mocked himself on SNL. 
Really?  I didn't see that ep.  Course, I haven't watched SNL in a good while.  I did recently do a bunch of "Weekend Update" clips on Youtube though.  Norm McDonald is hilarious!
Yeah, he made fun of himself for interrupting Taylor at an award shot.
Yeah, I remember that happening... where was that, the MTV awards?  You know what's weird?  Taylor Swift often walks backwards to keep from getting her pic taken.  I bet the paparazzi love that.  
Whoa. She could always fly away from them in her Dassault Falcon 900 Jet.
I have to admit, as sappy as it is, I do find "You Belong With Me" a rather catchy song.  
I would like to hear NWA do that. Maybe put it on a re-release of straight outta compton
Get the feeling they'd add in a lot more swear words.  LOL.  Speaking of which, did you know Wal-Mart only sells "clean" versions of albums?  Found that kind of interesting..
Wow. Remind me not to shop at Walmarts...unless I'm buying a  rap album made by 100 year old Japanese twins
there's a rap album by 100 year old twins?  What are some of the songs on it?
Lol!  It's almost as good as the 8 second white noise Taylor Swift once released. 
Speaking of albums... you a big Led Zeppelin fan?
Yeah. I like Zep and 70's rock in general.  I hear pink floyd's dark side of the moon was a best-seller in 2014, believe it or not.,
I just think it's funny how LZ didn't title any of their first four albums.  I've heard they did that just to annoy the rock press.  (Along with once releasing an album under a different band name...) 
What name did they release an album under? Linkin Park?
No, it was a bunch of weird symbols and stuff.  I don't know what it was "unofficially" called.  But from what I understand, they did it to prove it wasn't just the "brand name" that was bringing in fans.  
maybe they crashed the rock press party by announcing they just recorded what had to be the best album of all time!
You mentioned Dark Side of the moon earlier.. speaking of albums with staying power, Legend by Bob Marley has been on the album chart for over 914 weeks!  I find that pretty amazing!
Whoa!. I'm going to go jammin now. Nice chatting.
Hi, do you like Taylor Swift?
I am not a fan. I'm not a "hater" but I just never developed an appetite for her work. I would rather play Monopoly... You?
Yea I don't really like her music. I saw Kanye West did an SNL skit mocking himself for his interruption to Swift.
Interesting guy that Kanye...  Have you heard any of his albums? Not as creative as Thom Yorke playing his laptop on a Radiohead album, but still pretty creative none-the-less!
He's very interesting. I have not heard much of his music. Swift owns a Falcon 900 jet that cost $40 million.
Poor girl...Couldn't afford a bigger plane... Maybe she will write a sad song about it...  Until then we will just have to listen to Legend by Marley, on the charts for over 900 weeks!
LOL. She once released 8 seconds of white noise and topped the Canadian iTunes charts with it...LOL!
It must have been winter in Canada, where everything is white anyway! I wonder if Walmart sells that "hit?"  They only sell clean music!
LOL. That's interesting about Walmart. I did see Linkin Park
They were quite popular.  I don't know if they made any games though. Aerosmith made more money with Guitar Hero than from any album.
Guitar Hero was huge so I can see that happening. Reel Big Fish once re-recorded all of their albums because they lost the rights to their old record company.
At least they are willing to work for it!  Taylor Swift dressed up like Olaf when she was on tour during the Halloween season. That's working the crowd!
That's working the crowd for sure! Two identical twins in Japan once released a rap album at 100 years old.
Cool!  I wonder if Swift will still be holding concerts at 100? She probably will still have to walk backwards to avoid being photographed...
I bet so. Do you like the game Monopoly?
Sure!   I may still be playing a game I started two weeks ago...  Long game... Nicolas Cage convinced Johnny Depp to become an actor while playing Monopoly, so I am keeping my options open!
Wow that's interesting and good to know. I saw it was originally intended to be a teaching tool about injustices of capitalism.
Ironic how much money the game has made since then? Another sad irony: Nearly every top McDonalds Monopoly prize from 1995-2000 was fraudulently won by  some insiders... Send them directly to jail and do not pass go!
haha - that's a good point. I've always liked playing the game.
Did you know that the Orange properties are the best ones, statistically speaking?
I did not know that. Well, it was good talking to you!
Do you like to read?
I love literature! I was just reading a fact about how there is an annual contest for writers to come up with the worst opening line in a novel!
That is funny. I don't read a lot but apparently a lot of adults do. Over half of adults have library cards.
Oh that's too bad, books are like living in another life, i am always reading something! I love the library too it has everything under one roof. You can even get CD'S and movies there!
In Sacramento you can even rent sewing machines and other things that you don't need to own long term. I could definitely see myself using that library.
Haha! Wow I didn't know that. Definitely want to go there lol......there are more libraries in the US than McDonalds! That's a lot. 
Yep, libraries are pretty important, especially to UK Prime Minister William Gladstone. He founded his own public library and wheelbarrowed his 32,000 books to the library himself. He was 85!
What! That's awesome! I agree though they are important. I heard in Norway if you publish a book the government buys 1000 copies and hands them out to the libraries, very cool!
I'm glad they understand the importance of libraries! A man who was falsely imprisoned for 10 years also did-he spent all the time he could there in order to prove his innocence.
That is amazing! Very smart man. So do you ever watch comedy movies at all? They are my favorite!
Yes, I like comedy the most. They help me to relax.
Me too! I have my favorites on DVD still lol...or I can stop by the library to check on out too.
Do you like any bromantic comedies like The Hangover or Harold and Kumar?
Yes! Those are too funny! One of my fav comedy's is I Love You Man, great flick!
Did you ever watch Seinfeld, Friends or Frasier?
Yes, love all of them. I heard 3rd Rock From The Sun won a Golden Globe over those very tv shows!
Yes, I heard that too which is surprising because I never really thought 3rd Rock was that great.
I know, I never did get into that show. I think Seinfeld is the best!
I used to like Friends a lot. What do you think about silent movies?
I think Slapstick comedy is cool to watch sometimes! Gotta love Charlie Chaplin!
It's interesting how comedy films evolved once we got sound!
Hi, do you like literature?
I enjoy reading, I just don't seem to get enough time anymore to read as much as I'd like.
Me too. The FDA once burned six tons of literature in the US as an act of censorship.
You don't associate the US with book burning, kind of sad that it happens.
I agree. I think it's very sad to censor literature like that.
Would you be reader, literature or otherwise?
I would be a reader. What about you?
I am always driving the kids to places and waiting in the car, I get a little reading done then, for the most part I'm too busy at home to sit and read.
Me too. In 1953, Churchill won a Nobel prize for literature.
He was an accomplished person.  Literature, and being a great Prime minister for Britain.  I believe he was also decent painter.
I agree. Do you like going to the library?
We go often, my daughter loves to read and goes through book daily, I take her to the library to stock at least once a week.
That's good. There are more libraries than McDonald's in the US.
Finally some good news.  I like the idea in Norway were if you publish a book the government gets it in to the library system,
That would be very cool. There was once a man falsely imprisoned and studied law to prove his innocence and became a lawyer.
I also like the library of things that they doing in Sacramento, I would absolutely use that.
I do too. Do you like comedy?
I enjoy a good comedy movie, nice to relax after a long week and watch something with the whole family.
Me too. Comedy is one of my favorite movie dramas.
Usually comedy movies are where we, as a whole family, can agree to watch.  Otherwise there is too much disagreement among us.  We all like Bill Murray.
I love Bill Murray. Well, it was good talking with you. Have a good day. 
Do you like to read? do you find literature interesting?
I do! I honestly hate knowing the FDA burned six tons of literature to censor it from US citizens. That really bothers me! No telling what amazing work they destroyed!
That seems like an extreme act to hide opinions and the thoughts of others, it bothers me as well literature shouldnt be banned like that.
Agreed! I wonder how Winston Churchill would have felt about that! After all, he won a nobel prize for literature back in 1953!
Yeah in fact he had many nomitations, around 5 and only won in one occasion, he was a talented writter
Indeed he was! And he won the prize one year after the Olympics got rid of literature as well as music, painting, sculpture and architecture. 
Did he ever win a novel prize for peace? 
I don't believe so! I think it was only for literature! Hey, I wonder if he ever entered that literature contest that makes writers think of horrible opening sentences for novels?
I dont know but its an interesting question, I will research that for sure and sounds like an interesting contest, I might win
That would be awesome! Maybe they'll even put your winning work in a library! You know, if you publish your book in Norway, the government will purchase 1000 copies and send them to libraries across their country. 
Really? I guess thats a great way to get started, it migh be really lucrative to become a writter over there
Agreed! But hey, at least in the US, there are more libraries than there are McDonald's. Plus over half the adult population still have library cards!
Theres no excuse for not reading then
Exactly. I mean, if a man who was falsely imprisoned for 10 years  can spend a lot of his time at a library studying law to help prove his innocence, then we all should read!
I heard about that guy, he certainly study a lot its a good thing now he helps other people who have been falsely convicted
So true! They could make a great movie out of that story. Speaking of movies, are you into comedies at all? I agree with Bill Murray that Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age comedy!
I liked it a lot but I wouldnt say its the supreme achievement of the modern age comedy, one crazy character is Ryan Stiles, he dropped out of highschool to pursue a career in comedy, thats a big risk
Agreed and it really worked out for the better for Ryan, didn't it? Kind of like Demetri Martin who left Harvard due to being bored and pursued a career in comedy too!
Yeah  apparently things worked out for him, but he took a hard decision, Demetri Martin left college so that was also a hard choice to make specially if you study in Harvard
Exactly. Wise decision, in my opinion. Comedy seems to put  more focus on individual stars unlike so many other genres!
Comedy lighten ups the world, did you ever watch 3rd  Rock from the Sun?
I do! In fact, I'm so glad it beat out Seinfeld, Frasier and Friends for best comedy series at the Golden Globes back in 1997. It was by far the most deserving. Well, it was great chatting with you!
Hi there. Do you like literature? I think it is a true honest art form.
I do like literature. Do you have a favorite author?
Not really I like mixing it up. You? Winston Churchill is a classic scholar as he won the nobel prize in 1953.
I really tried to read the Last Lion and it was a tough read. Did you ever read anything about him?
No I would like to though, he sounds like an interesting guy. I always thought he won a nobel peace prize.
He didn't win one? I wonder why? I know he didn't have "success" until later in life but that surprises me.
Yes very surprising. The arts seemed to be very important in the past, they were even apart of the olympic events until 1952!
Would you ever take a class in heavy metal? It's taught at a college!
Yes I would love to! I would probably be terrible at it though and cause people to laugh kind of like a comedy film!
Do you like comedy? I love them!
Yes I do. So humorous and fun to watch! Many have happy endings too!
I agree. Comedy Central has canceled over 100 shows. Sad...
I wonder why? Have you seen 3rd Rock from the sun? It won a golden globe for best comedy in 1997!
I loved that show although french stewart was so annoying!
Do you think it deserved to beat out Seinfeld, Friends, and Frasier for the golden globe that year?
In general, no but there was some really great years for 3rd rock and a few stinkers for the others.
Yes I agree that tends to be how most shows go. I really like movies from the bromantic comedy genre like The Hangover. Zach Galifinakis is my favorite!
He is so funny. I like step brothers too!
Oh man that is one of my all time favorites!! Bill Murray said Kung Fu Hustle was one of the supreme achievements in modern age comedy. Do you think he was being sarcastic?
I think so but who knows! He is a little ecsentric!
Yes no doubt about that. That comedian Ryan Stiles took a big chance by dropping out of high school but it paid off for him. Hey it was really nice talking with you today!
It was great talking with you too. Have a good one!
hi how are you? do you like to travel?
I do like to travel always wanted to visit Iceland, what about you?
I have never been there. it sounds like an interesting country. the name is misleading.
Yeah the name is misleading but it has beautiful landscapes in it, Iceland doesnt have a rail service. 
i think the terrain is probably bad for rail. they probably have pretty good roads.
Yeah I bet they do and also a lot of airlines many people use air to travel between towns. 
That could get expensive. i would rather take the bus if its cheap.
Maybe its cheap, Japan seems like an expensive country to travel to, the tolls are expensive. 
it is an expensive country, but travel is very good there. air travel is a bit pricey, but the trains are great. you dont need a car.
Yeah they are great, I heard the Dutch are creating a really fast commuter bus
I think that commuting is an unpleasant fact of life, so making it faster is great.
I agree I hate long commute times, it feels like a waste of time so a bus that travels at 160 mph is the solution to that
Yeah, as long as it is safe. that is quite fast, and i would want a really good seat belt. LOL
Yeah a seat belt and a couple of airbags just in case lol doesnt look like a safe way to travel
I suppose the bus would have its own lane on the freeway? i would not want other cars around.
I guess its a private lane but still there can always be animals or even reckless people and then accidents happen. 
Yes, that is true. i guess they would have to plan that pretty carefullly to prevent anything from getting in the way of the bus.
Yeah I guess so, creating a tranportation service like that one requires a lot of planning 
It is important though. people need to get to work and get home faster. too much time is spent on the road. anyway, great chat!
I agree, that can generate a lot of resources, it was great chatting I agree have a nice day. 
I enjoyed chatting too! Have a great day!
Thanks for all the cool facts bye. 
Hi, have you ever seen adrift?
I havent what about you? it sounds like a good film.
I have not seen it but the critic does not like it. What do they know...
I guess critics often have mixed opinions, the movie came out in 2013 right?
I am not sure. I know All is Lost did, which she prefers over Adrift.
Yeah did you watch Solo: A Star Wars Story?
I did. I thought it was good but I know it got panned. Did you see it?
I did watch that one I thought it was good as well, Im excited for the second part, it was directed by Ron Howard. 
Al Pacino turned down the role. Can you imagine him playing Han Solo?
I can't Harrison Ford really nailed the role, I wonder if we will ever see him on Star Wars again, he did die in one of the last movies and that was sad.
Yeah. that was shocking and sad. I did not see it coming
It was a sad day, so the franchise was bought by Disney, I hope they can make the franchise great again, include more jedis in the movies make prequels to the stories. 
I feel like disney has cranked out more films than I would like. I want them to be every few years so that they are more special. I think they will be watered down at this rate. What do you think?
I think that as well, I guess we will tell soon enough, did you watch the movie Deadpool 2?
I did. Did you see it?
I loved that movie, its one of my favorite movies, Deadpool is a badass so funny how Reynolds is also the voice of the mystery villain. 
I did not know that. That's interesting!
Yeah Deadpool is also the highest grossing R rated film with a different director than James Cameron or Lucas
I had no idea. I would have guessed there was another film that made more!
And another cool fact is that the video game actually cost more money than the Deadpool movie
It did! I had no idea! Nice chatting with you!
Do you know that Taylor Swift is being sued?
I have heard that! It's about her lyrics in her album Shake it Off...
To me, the two songs' choruses are different.
Exactly! I think so too. Besides that copyright does not protect the use of phrases 
I agree.  I did not know that Taylor was born in Pennsylvania.  I thought she was born in Tennessee.
She was? I didn't know that. And it's funny Taylor once released 8 seconds of white noise and topped the canadian charts!
I heard about it. It was amazing.
I didn't know about it lol.... Swift is one of the best-selling music artists of all time
I did not know about it.  Do you like her song Shake It Off?  My 5-year granddaughter likes it a lot.
I think it's really an upbeat song too, my 2 youngest granddaughters go crazy lol they love Taylor Swift. 
I did not notice who she was until Kanye West interrupted her when she was accepting a music award.
I remember that, he's not a favorite person of mine lol......Kanye did an SNL skit mocking himself over that incident.
Perhaps he realized now how ridiculous he was when he did that.
True! I hope so but he has done it to more than Taylor throughout the years. I had to laugh but do you know Taylor walks backwards a lot to keep from getting her picture taken? I think I would wear a face mask lol
Does she hate to have her pictures taken?
She doesn't like publicity unless it is under her terms....She even removed her music from Spotify because she doesn't want anyone listening to her music for free. She is one of the wealthiest singers in history.
Well, artists need to be paid. I thought she had the disagreement with Apple Co. not spotify.
Probably both lol... I agree with her but why not advertise your music on the radio? 
Why the radio?  How about social media or you tube instead? 
True, but I am not sure how she advertises but spotify is just a radio app. 
I see.  Do singers still use physical albums (collections of audio recording) to sell the majority of their songs?
Yes, you can buy their albums on CD or purchase a single song. 
I have to run.  It was nice talking to you.
Hi there, do you enjoy music?
Sure, I do. I like all kind of music. I'm fond of the beatles. They have the best selling album of the 2000s
Nice. I like Linkin Park and their album seems to be the best selling album of the century
That is cool! I like them too! Did you ever play Sonic the hedgehog?
No I did not actually. But heard it was supposed to be a member of a rock band
Yeah, I guess that explains his funky looks! If you became a famous rock star, would you keep your old job?
Hmm probably not. Oh and he was supposed to have a girlfriend by the name of Maddona who was a blonde
Haha, that is funny! Viktor Tsoi is the biggest rock star in Russian history but still kept his job in the boiler room of his apartment.
Nice, he must have enjoyed that. Do you know which is the stare rock song for Oklahoma?
I have heard it is by the Flaming Lips but I don't think I know it.
Yeah it is the song Do You Realize.
The band Whitesnake has had over 50 members in its history. Seems quite confusing. The list has its own WIkipedia page.
Wow that is a long list of people. Do you know who wrote the beatles song come together?
I heard it was for a political campaign.
Yeah for the California Governor Timothy Leary in 1969
I guess they are still talking about and analyzing the song Imagine because it's almost the 50th anniversary. Yoko Ono celebrated early with "Imagine John Yoko", a detailed study of the album and other things.
Wow cool. Did you know Ringo Starr was illiterate for most of the chuldhood?
Interesting! Was there a reason for that? In this study of Imagine they interviewed people who are still with us but also combed through interviews of people like John Lennon. He said that when he was saying "Imagine no religion" it was meant to advocate the freedom to believe or not to believe in any religion. I thought that was interesting.
It sounds very interesting indeed. Maybe I should check that out. On the other hand, none of them knew how to read music
That is surprising! They seemed so...well, musical! Maybe they didn't have the patience for learning to read music. Lennon only liked to run through songs two or three times. After that, if the song wasn't right on take two ro three, then he would just be done.
Wow, I guess he had an ear for good music and just rejected other stuff. Super chatting with you today.
Hello, are you a fan of rock music?
Yes.  But I am kind of dated.  I like Aerosmith an Queen.  I am from Oklahoma and did not know the state rock song is "Do You Realize?"by the Flaming Lips.
That's fair! After all Rock has been around since the 50s and mainly draws roots from the 1940s, its fair to say the whole genre is dated to an extent.
Good point.  Chicago DJs tricked their listeners by playing a Hanson song without revealing it to the listeners and it became highly requested.
I guess that shows it's still popular today! I think even in modern times, one of the most famous Russians was Viktor Tsoi, the rock artist. Although he lived humbly, and kept a job in the boiler room of his apartment even after becoming famous.
That is an unusual career choice for a wealthy person.  Sonic the Hedgehog was originally supposed to be a member of a rock band.
Oh yeah, and I believe the plan was to give him a blond girlfriend named Madonna too! Guess they really wanted to go all out with the music aspect.
We have a Pastor whose wife is named Madonna.  When I first met him I asked what it was like to be married to Madonna.  Rock music is usually in 4/4 time which gives it that driving beat.
Ahah that's funny, maybe he was the real inspiration for Sonic. Yeah rock certainly seems timeless and like it isn't changing a whole lot, the band Whitesnake has had over 50 members throughout its lifetime.
That is a lot of turnover!  Most rock is about romance, but there are some tunes about political or social issues.
And I know the Beatles were one of the most influential bands in terms of covering a wide range of topics.They had the song "Come Together" which was actually for Timothy Leary's governor campaign.
Their music "book" is fantastic!  They were formed in 1960.
And yet somehow their music has been timeless, it was even the best selling album of the 2000's!
That is consistent with their book being fantastic.  My wife is a talented musician and says that almost all of the songs have been done better by someone else than by the Beatles.  Ringo Starr was illiterate for most of his childhood.
That's surprising although literacy doesn't necessarily mean musical talent! In fact I think that goes for all of them, I don't think any of the Beatles could read music!
I hadn't heard that.  I wonder how Lennon and McCartney wrote their songs?
I wonder too! It doesn't seem like they adapted well to entertainment life beyond making music to be honest, like they stopped touring because their amplification system couldn't drown out their screaming crowds!
That is incredible!  I have been in front of speakers that undoubtedly harmed my hearing permanently.  Maybe it was just before better technology improved the amplification technology.
I'm sure it was! I wonder how modern tours are for artists that release new albums. Like there were two twins that released a rap album when they were 100 years old, I bet the noise would be hard to manage no matter what the technology.
LPs were old technology but it is now becoming popular again.  MP3 is modern, but the quality of sound is not as good.
Definitely, but I think it's prioritized more than anything, well MP3 and CD formats, because I think the audio cassette has sort of faded out by now.
The new formats are simpler and easier to maintain.  Nice chat.
The Beetles are one of my favorite bands - I love McCartney - do you?
Hi! I love the Beatles! I had all of their Albums!
They were great.  Its amazing that none of them could read music
I have heard that about the Beatles, pretty amazing! They also have the best selling album of the 2000's!
That is crazy since they formed back in 1960
Yes, the Beatles have been around a long time. They some of the best Rock music ever, and so many great albums. 
Yes And Ringo Starr was illiterate for most of his childhood due to tuberculosis.  Amazing he became so successful
Exactly! The Beatles are so amazing. In 1963 is when their popularity came as as Beatlemania, people went crazy!
Yes Rock Music had started taking off in the 1950s, and became a lot of different styles in the 1960s
Definitely, so amazing. Do you like other rock music? I like a lot of the older rock music Albums like Pink Floyds Dark side of the moon, great rock music back then.
Dark side of the moon was an amazing album.  I did not know until recently that Oklahoma had a state song
Oh yeah? What is their State song? Was it sang by Flamingo Lips rock band?
It is - the song is Do you realize?
Oh, cool! I didn't know that. Also interesting that the rock band Whitesnake had over 50 band memebers throughout their history, wow that is a lot!
Wow!  They must have been hard to get along with changing members so much.  I am surprised that the biggest rock star in Russian history kept his job working in the boiler room
Right? Wow, I wonder why he kept that job if he was a big rock star? I would run from that lol. Maybe they didn't have a lot of Albums.
That is funny.  There are two identical twins from japan who released their first album at 100 years old.  Not sure how long their career will be!
Oh my! Good for them! Most people never get to have their album known, much less at that age! 
Yes.  The first albums were released in the early 20th century - they might have been around for them!
I am sure they were! Well, the history of rock music is really interesting, I am glad I had the album collection I had back in the day of rock music, especially the Beatle's! 
Yes.  I had original LPS then cassettes and dvds.  Times have changed.
Hello, Do you like music?
Sure! I like many kinds of music! What about you?
Me too, I love rock, that is my favorite genre
Rocks is great! I like pop too. Do you have a favorite group or album?
I like many but I admire the Beatles because many musicians today have influence from them
I think the Beatles were the key to a lot of today's music. They really changed how rock was structured. They stopped touring toward the end. No point, really. 
I totally agree with you. Did you know that come together was written for a political campaign?
Come Together? Yes, I know the song. What campaign?
It was for a man named Timothy Leary that was running for Governor of California
Timothy Leary? THe LSD guy? Hm. Well, I guess he had a cool song for his campaign. 
The same! That was back in 1969
Well, maybe at the time Tim Leary seemed like a reasonable candidate to the Beatles. They liked to trip on LSD. I think their music was fine without the heavy substances.
It is a great song, did you know none of the 4 Beatles could read music?
That makes sense. They came from humble beginnings. They learned everything by ear. I don't think they missed much by not reading music.
They are so creative!! I would have wanted to watch them live but they stopped touring
I think they couldn't hear themselves play. People just screamed the whole time. They probably got pretty bad at performing too. Better to stick to the studio
Yes it was too much too overwhelming and probably they needed better amplifiers but that is what technology allowed at the time
The times have changed, but the Beatles remain popular. Perennial favorites.
Beatlmania remains. They were excellent in rock and roll but they went beyond experimenting with indian music, hard rock and more!! They Rock
I think that is the essence of great music. Willingness to explore and experiment with other genres and ideas and make them your own.
They are from the 60' but they had the best selling album of the 2000's
I think they will have the best selling albums in the next century, too! So many bands now just can't compare! Well, I enjoyed chatting!
I could go on talking about music for days! Yes gave a good one 
Are you a fan of horror films? 
Not really. I don't like jumping out of my seat! I liked Inception. That was originally stupposed to be a horror film.
Is that the one with Leo? 
That's right! On the other hand, those filming the exorcist didn't think it would be considered a horror film.
Interesting, I didn't know that. Apparently you can burn 180 calories watching a horror film. 
Not sure with all the buttery popcorn I eat, haha!
Hilarious, yeah. I'm not so sure that is true either. LOL
Et originally was supposed to be a horror film too. I can't imagine! I loved it when I was little.
I can believe that. I could see that being designed to be scary. 
I guess he's a little creepy. I loved ET though and thought he was adordable
I also know that MnM passed on them for marketing. 
Interesting! I once watched an anime film that was supposed to be horror but it was just funny. Do you like anime?
Not really, I can't honestly say I've even seen one. 
But I presume you've seen the Lion King? It has been accused of copying an anime series.
No, actually I haven't seen it. But was it? 
Yeah, Disney's Lion King was accused to copying The White Lion.
Interesting. Do you like Fish? 
I like to view them at aquariums.

Apparently seahorse are the only fish to have a neck, what about an eel? 
Interesting! I once had a goldfish that lived over ten years. The oldest goldfish was 43 years old though.
WOW, that is pretty old. Well, nice chatting with you.
Yeah, nothing compared to the oldest koi fish though, 226 years! Nice chatting with you.
Are you into horror films?
No, at least not the slasher type.  I like some movies that are labeled "horror".  I like feel good movies like "The Miracle Season" or "A Quiet Place".
Me too, I think a quiet place was a horror movie wasn't it?
No, it's about Pandas for ages 6+.  It's about them being able to survive in the wild.
lol I didn't know that. I think there is a horror movie called a quiet place where they can't talk or they die, don't mess that up at the video store, lol!
There may be a horror film with a similar name.  Yes, that would be an unexpected twist in the story.  Have you seen the movie "The Miracle Season"?
That is actually about a team in my city I am living in, Iowa City right? ABout volleyball
I don't know.  I do know it's about kids on a volleyball team dealing with the death of their captain.  She died unexpectedly -- it is said to be wholesome so Iowa City would work...
dang, I never knew that at all! It makes sense why they did so good, so inspirational! Sounds like a horror movie because of the sadness!
Yeah. Do you like anime?  I guess "Big Fish and Begonia" that has Chinese myths and is fantasy-based.  It sounds weird but interesting. 
I like dragonball z and powerpuff girls, they were great! Do you like it?
I never got into it.  I'm sorry, you were right, A Quiet Place is a horror movie.  I hadn't seen either and I got it confused.  I have seen the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
lol, I haven't seen the other one, that one sounds better lol. That is a great one too, did you ever get into any Stephen King films?
I read some of his stuff - it is still scary like "Apt Pupil". I do like Edgar Allan Poe.
Yea apparently Stephen king got into horror after thinking bambi was a horror movie
Ha.  There was a scary fire as I recall... I can't believe ET was originally going to be a horror film.
That would have been so crazy lol. I am glad it wasn't but I think they could have made it an interesting horror film lol.
Did you know jellyfish are 98% water?  How can something that can produce such pain be almost all water?
right, I don't want to know what they other 2% is, lol. Did you know there is a type of jelly fish that is immortal
I've heard that. Why does something that can hurt people get that blessing?  Why couldn't it be a panda bear?
right lol, or my cute dog! It was so nice chatting with you, you have a great weekend!
Hello, do you watch anime? I happen to watch it all the time!
Hi! I watch it and also know quite a bit about it. I particularly love the Powerpuff Girls remake the Japanese did called Powerpuff Girls Z!
Ah, My favorite is probably no game no life or one punch man. What other animes have you watched?
I actually enjoyed the first anime that was played on adult swim back in 2001, Cowboy Bebop!
Ah, that was a pretty good one. John Cena is actually also a fan of anime. I never thought that he was one!
I wouldn't either, honestly. But seeing as how anime is classified into numerous genres that targets diverse broad audiences, I don't see how anyone could not like it!
I agree, although some people may not like that anime is animated. Some might just prefer regular TV shows over animated ones.
That is a great point! So did you know Mewtwo Strikes Back was intended to be the series finale of Pokemon? That was a little surprising to me!
Well, there are over 750 episodes of  pokemon, dozens of movie and it does not show any signs of slowing down! I wonder who has time to watch all of those episodes.
I know because I certainly don't. Ha! So what other genres do you like? I also like horror as it's great exercise because watching horror films can burn over 180 calories, surprisingly enough!
I do not have a favorite genre although I try to stick to fantasy or isekai  genres.
I understand! You know, if you ever go to watch a horror movie, be sure to check out abstract art right afterwards as they say you'll enjoy it more.
Really? I wonder which scientist discovered that! It seems pretty random to me.
Agreed, it most certainly does. I tell you something else crazy, the kid from The Shining named Danny didn't actually know he was acting in a horror film until years later. It's like, how did he not find out while filming?
Wow, it must have been scary then. What if we are also being secretly filmed right now for a different movie?
Kind of like fish that don't know they're being filmed. Ha! Speaking of fish, can you believe that the only fish that has a neck is a seahorse?
Really? There is also a breed of jellyfish that is immortal!
I need to study that jellyfish breed, then! Ha! I'd also like to study the black swallower as it can eat prey twice its size and also ten times its weight. How is that possible? Ha!
I wonder, although I also wish I could do that too. If I could, I would be dumping sushi into my stomach 24/7!
Ha! You and me both! We're more closer to the zebrafish since 84% of genes associated with our diseases have counterparts in zebrafishes.
Wow. We land mammals all evolved from these fish millions of years ago.
That's hard to believe, isn't it? We evolved from gill-bearing aquatic craniate animals that don't have limbs with digits. So weird! Well, it was great chatting with you tonight! Take care, friend!
How's it going? Are you a netflix fan? I have been subscribing to netflix since it was founded in 1997
I am a Netflix fan, its crazy how the company has grown.
Yea, they have 137 million subscribers worldwide now, that's amazing
That is amazing, and 58.46 in the US alone I bet Blockbuster is regretting not buying the company when they had the chance.
Yea blockbuster screwed up, could of bought netflix for 50 million instead they are out of business
They are indeed specially when Netflix is worht 2 billion now and has a ton of subscribers to back that out.
Yep, it's ironic that blockbuster late fees inspired the creation of netflix in the first place
It is ironic I guess they were they provoked their own death, amazing what anger can inspire.
It's funny though now that Netflix accounts for 33% of bandwith between 9pm-12pm that internet providers punish users by throttling 
It is, many of the movies there have excellent ratings on Rotten Tomatoes, 150 of them even reach 100%
I don't know if I trust rotten tomatoes ratings although I do agree with Michael Bay's film ratings of 38%
Yeah his films are pretty bad, and it might be biased as the company is owned by Warner Bros
Yea, I thought about that but I must admit the marvel movies do good on Rotten tomatoes while the Warner Brother's DC movies don't do nearly as well
I guess its not biased afterall or atleast in some segments its pretty honest, do you like Tom Hanks?
Yea, Tom Hanks is one of my favorite actors, A league of Their Own was a pretty good movie
He is one of my favorite actors as well, some of my favorite movies are Cast Awat and Green Mile.
I never knew he avoided villain type roles, I wonder if he could play a good one
I think he would make an excellent villain he is a great actor, did you watch Sully?
No I haven't gotten around to seeing it but I head he was good in it
He was, I though it was a pretty great movie and the skills of the pilot, to think the whole movie is based on real life events.
Tom Hanks seem to be good at playing pilots in dramatic situations, like apollo 13
He was good in that movie you know he always ends his emails with a pun
Lol, I would like to read an email pun from Tom Hanks. Well I gtg, nice talking with you
I am not a huge Wes Anderson fan. I think he is into horror films and I dont watch those.
I am not big into animated series
Are you into trivia? Did you know there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives
I love dogs. I have a Boston myself
Nice. Dogs are not colour blind, but cannot see as many different colours as humans
They are good at understanding pointing too
Wow, I did not know that. Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles. How kind...
Yes, it is such a good idea. I try to feed mine by hand as well as any local strays near my home
By hand? Have you ever been bitten?
A couple of times. Dogs are loyal but protective too
I hope you're ok. Google prefers dogs to cats. their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company. Seems like you would work well in Google.
Do they let employees bring dogs to work?
I am not sure. If they did, they would be even better!
I wonder if they are friendly to the big mean dogs too, I suspect not
Probably not. The C-Suite probably can bring dogs but not the entry level jobs. 
Dogs were among the first animals to be domesticated
Huh... A physicist published his cat as a coauthor so he could write using first person plural without being criticized.
Silly.  I would have done the same but for my dog, I don't think a cat would be a good co-publisher. lol
Probably not... They would be copy cats!
LOL...too funny. Do you have a favorite breed of dog?
I love my golden and labs. Right now I have a St Bernard named Sasha...
You are very lucky. I love those dogs but no patience for the shedding
Hi, how are you?
Good how are you?  Do you watch Netflix?  I love all the selection of shows and join one of the 137 million subscribers worldwide.
I do love Netflix. What is your favorite show on there?
I like the Flash and Richie Rich. What is your favorite?  I wish I would have thought of the idea for Netflix because they are worth 2 billion today.
I know, right. You would be so rich! I love the flash! I have an episode from this week that I need to watch/
If only I would have been irresponsible and got the $40 late on vhs like Reed Hastings, maybe I would be the billionaire starting up Netflix.
Yeah. I got the late fees but not the multi-billion dollar company. I should have thought more about those late fees.
Most people like me are watching Netflix late at night in the 9-12 crowd.
Yeah. I think most people watch during that time, don't they?
Do you agree with Rotten Tomatoes ratings?  Every video game film has not done so well with them.
I usually look at the ratings before I go to a show, unless it is something I will see regarless, like anchorman 2. It got terrible scores but I was going to go regardless so I didn't look. What about you?
I look at the scores before watching videos.  Since Netflix has about 150 movies with a 100% rotten tomatoes rating I trust those are some good movies.
Yeah. I wish Netflix had a better scoring system. I look at the ratings and usually get disappointed by the higher rated ones. Maybe it's my epxectations with the ratings...
I'd go with their recommendation for Spykids as that is a great movie and very highly rated on Rotten Tomatoes.
I think my kids watched that. I know my son used to love lavagirl and shrk boy. Everytime I came home from work he was watching it...
One of my favorite shows have Tom Hanks though.  He has so many good movies.  I remember him starring in Splash, Big, Turner & Hooch, The Green Mile, Sully and the list goes on.
Yes and he was in bossum (sp) buddies. I remember seeing that show on like spoofs... I do like Tom Hanks though. I cannot believe he was the first to play Walt disney in mainstream film.
He has the highest box office star in earnings, and definitely has earned it!
Yeah. I always love his movies. Unlike MIchael Bay who has gotten a 38% on Rotten Tomatoes!
Yes, and of those who weren't satisfied with his movies he was known to have refunded people the money they paid for the ticket.
Wow! Nice chatting with you!
Hey there! Do you have a dog or a cat? Or any pets?
Yea, i have a dog, it's fascinating that they evolved from domesticated wolves
Yeah! Dog's are definitely "man's best friend". At least in my case! :) Did you know there is a such thing as dog blood drives? I guess, dogs can be in need of blood donations too!
I'd imagine it's hard to find blood for dogs since they have 12 different blood types
Yeah! Now that I know about it, I'll look into possibly having my dog donate! Dogs and elephants are the only animals that seem to instinctively understand pointing. And I believe that because I just tested it on a cat and she didn't care! Haha
Cats probably understand but ignore people. In Russia they have a tomb of the unknow dog in honor of canine used in research
Aw that's so sad. If I had my way, we would only research on willing humans.
Yea it's pretty unfortunate. It's pretty cool that dogs can learn over a thousand words
Oh yeah, that is amazing! My dog is so spoiled, she doesn't even know the word "no!" very well. Haha. Interesting that Google prefers dogs over cats. Their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company. I like cats and dogs, personally. I'm not a "giraffe" person. I like all animals.
Yea both are cool. In moscow some dogs even ride the subway
Neat! Dogs are so smart or at least some of them can be! In Istanbul they have a vending machine that the cities stray dogs can get food and water out of, in exchange for plastic bottles! That solves to problems! Hungry and thirsty dogs and plastic bottle waste!
Apparently dogs have eureka moment to when solving problems for rewards
Aw, that's adorable! Dogs are so cute! Hard to believe they've sent live dogs out into space, alone! That's so mean. Humans should always be nice to dogs. They have helped us with many things, since their domestication over many millennia. 
Yea. What's crazy is over 86000 people visit the er from tripping or falling over a dog or cat
Oh wow! I've tripped over both! Haha! not at the same time though. Haha! Woah, the first cloned pet was a cat, named copy cat! Haha, how creative!
Lol. Did you know there hasn't been a species of cat that has gone extinct in 10,000 years?
Wow! No I didn't know that! I doubt it will be that way for long. I've heard a lot recently about large cat species that are struggling.
Yea that is unfortunate. It's pretty cool that the Andrson House Bed and Breakfast offered a free cat companion
Yeah, that's nice of them giving animals a home and making their visitors happy at the same time! Theodore Roosevelt had over 20 pets, including a bear and a hyena! His house must have been a dangerous place to visit! Haha
That's crazy, apparently some trantulas keep frogs as pets to protect their eggs from ants
Crazy! An animal keeping a pet is the coolest thing I've learned today for sure! and a spider keeping a frog nonetheless! 
Yea that is pretty cool, well it was nice chatting with you
I had no idea dogs could have 12 different blood types. I wonder what types my dogs are.
Me neither. I have a friend whose dog donates blood at a dog hospital when they need it.
I didn't even know that was an option for dogs to donate blood. Dogs seem to act more and more like humans. 
Yes.  Dogsand elephants even understand what pointing is and how to interpret it. Ever point over to where you threw the ball, and your dog runs right over there? Pretty cool!
Yes. My dog is very smart. They can even tell the color of the ball, too. They aren't color blind like many people think. 
I don't think that they can see orange, or that the colors look quite the same to them as they do to us, but I agree. Funny that Google is partial to dogs in their business rather than cats.
I know. I wonder if more people google things about dogs than cats. I wonder if YouTube is more partial to dogs. 
I don't know. Do you think it is true that there are more tigers living as pets in the USA, then living wild in Asia?  Wow! I read that....
I don't know. That seems to be an odd choice for a pet. I wonder why there are fewer tigers in Asia. 
Threatened habitat and poaching.  There used to be many pet tigers in Vegas and in California, where the regs are less strict about keeping exotic pets.
I guess the US has a history of having exotic animals as pets, since Theodore Roosevelt had a bear and a hyena as pets. 
Yes, he was quite the outdoorsman. Also, there are alot of wildlife sanctuaries with big cats across the country that cannot go in to zoos, so that is wonderful if they are treated humanely.
I wonder how people keep the cats under control. Do you remember the incident with Penn and Teller?
Absolutely. Yes, it's tough, they are not meant to be domesticated. Same with the orcas at Sea World. Cats have been around for 9000 years.
I used to really like cats, but I don't care for the litter box. Also, I saw on a documentary that house cats are the number one predator in the world. 
I am an absolute dog person. I have 2 right now who are like my children. It is a novel idea that in Istanbul, they feed stray dogs by trading recycled plastic bottles for food and water from vending machines. 
That's a great idea. I am a dog person, too. I have two dogs. I wish we had dog water vending machines in our parks. 
Me too. And more efficient ways to help feed and house all the dogs that end up in shelters.
We adopted one of our dogs from a shelter. My spouse refers to it as "doggy jail." 
Mine are both shelter dogs too. There are too many breeders out there trying to make big bucks, when shelter dogs are being euthanized every day. It is so sad..
People think that shelters are "No kill," but that isn't necessarily true. We went back to our shelter several times for two weeks to make sure we were able to adopt our little girl dog.
Cool! It has been lovely chatting with you. Take care of your furry family!
You, too! Happy New Year to you and your fur friends, too! 
Happy New Year!
Do you enjoy Netflix?
I do, I like the service, what about you?
It's definitely one of my major life necessities. But I still remember the Blockbuster days. Did you know that the inventor of netflix was inspired to start the business when he accumulated a $40 late fee on a vhs? 
I didnt know that but that will inspire anyone $40 is just an excessive fee, I could buy two movies for that price
Or one DVD back in the old days haha! Did you know that Blockbuster could have bought netflix back when it was small too and never did
Yeah they had the chance to buy the company for $50 million and now its worth a lot more than that
I guess they couldn't see the change coming, but Netflix probably didn't either really. Most of their business is streaming movies and it definitely didn't start out with that as the focus.
Well Netflix also has the DVD renting option the spend a lot more in postage than on bandwidth
I wonder if many people even use that option anymore. I'm too bad at planning what I want to watch next and got rid of that service pretty early on
You can always subscribe again, interesting how with Youtube, Netflix makes  up half of the internet traffic in north america
I know! Isn't that shocking! I would never have expected it to be so impactful but that makes a lot of sense. I've also read that during the evenings Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth use in North America. Clearly all any of us do is stay in and watch netflix these days haha
It is shocking, the company has grown a lot over the years, do you like the company Rotten Tomatoes?
I do, although I often watch movies even after I see they've received a low rating on there. I like making my own decisions sometimes, especially since I know that Rotten Tomatoes is owned by Warner Bros
Yeah, that can make the site a bit biased, well there are 150 movies with a 100% rating  on rotten tomatoes available in Netflix, they must be pretty good
Rotten Tomatoes must be a great resource to a place like Netflix, when they're deciding which movies to add
Yeah I bet it is a great tool, do you agree with Michael's Bay's average rating, 38% out of 100%
I guess it depends on what you're looking for in a movie, Michael Bay movies are all hot girls and explosions so if you're looking for that and he delivers I guess your rating would be higher than 38% right?
It would, maybe a 60% he does have decent movies, I liked Transformers at least the first and second movies
Yes me too! Although I don't know if I've ever watched a Michael Bay movie outside of a theater. I wonder if they translate to being streamed on Netflix and a smaller screen?
Could be, thats a good thing to wonder about, so do you have a favorite actor? mine is Tom Hanks
I don't think I do, Tom Hanks is a great choice though. And I love that now that he's rich and powerful he refuses to play bad guys
I guess an actor like him can refuse any role and still come on top anyway its been great chatting with you
Haha you're right. Nice talking with you!
Thanks a lot for the chat, it had a lot of fun bye. 
Are you interested in Fashion Week at all?
To be honest, I don't pay attention to fashion trends that much. I just wear comfortable clothes as much as possible. 
Me too, I wear sustainable clothing or recyled clothes. Better for the planet.
That's a good idea. I tend to dress very plainly, but with cheaper clothes. Apparently, Mark Zuckerberg's plain grey shirts cost $300 to $400!
Wow! I don't need a 300 shirt, even if I am rich, LOL
Right? But wearing expensive clothes isn't anything new since the greeks used to wear asbestos that used to cost as much as gold
Asbestos, huh? No wonder they are ALL dead. I'm just saying.......
Yeah people did all sorts of crazy stuff back in the day. They used to wash clothes on Old Faithful too, like an explosive washing machine. 
I'll bet they ended up losing a lot of clothes. Also, who knew Pilgrims wore colorful clothing? They only wore black for special occasions, I just found out.
I didn't know about that, I only ever see pilgrim pictures in Thanksgiving so I guess that makes sense. Did you know that t-shirts were invented in 1904 for bachelors who didn't know how to sew. 
I just see the image of Pilgrims dressed in black and white, with those big ole buckles on the hats and shoes.
Same here, usually they're eating some turkey with some Native American tribe.
And learning from said Native Americans how not to starve come winter, but I digress.....
The Native Americans didn't start dressing like the pilgrims though, unlike an African tribe that still wears Victorian clothes in the style of German colonizers. 
Man, those colonizers were bad news...... That was a cool fact about the origin of the t-shirt, BTW
Yeah they were bad news, but at least the tribe kind of made it their own style. 
I would trade land rights, and liberty over style any day, but I see your point.
Fashion is one way people can express themselves, and what people wear can give you an idea of their culture and their society.
I totally agree. Fashion can speak for an entire culture or generation. It expresses creativity, passion, individualism, etc
Definitely. It's been nice talking to ya. 
you too. take care!
thanks
How up-to-date are you on the New York Fashion scene?
Can't say I know too much about it, I do know that greeks made asbestos clothing which sounds super unhealthy
Knowing what we know today, it undoubtable was.  It seems like major couture brands are under new leadership.  Carolina Herrera transferred the reins of her fashion empire to Wes Gordon. 
thats interesting, i love how a man wore over 60 clothing items on his person in order to avoid a baggage charge, I think thats hilarious
I have overstuffed my carry-on, but have not tried that approach.  It seems like not all the transitions in couture fashion are well received.  Wes Gordon received a mixed score card.  Others such as Kate Spade endure in the make of its founder.
Ya I remember in the wolf of wall street with the steve madden fiasco, I guess it is common for the founders to get in trouble with clothing brands that they own, have you seen that movie?
No I have not.  Do you know how fashion and style experts look to see if your clothes are tailored or off-the-rack?  By looking for collar gaps.  
hmm that is interesting, I like that there is an african tribe that wears clothes of the victorian era still, that's what the german occupiers wore when they first arrived, i want to see that haha
The orgin of clothing customs is alway intriguing.  it seems that history shows the Pilgrims to be wearing black.  However, they wore full color clothing; black was for special occasions.
ah wow I didn't know that, I always pictured them wearing their traditional pilgrim stuff, I guess it depends on the occasion, like how at billly mays funeral, the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants instead of the traditional black suits
To me, people's taste in clothes will always be unexplainable.  Like the movie "The Emperor's New Clothes".  Not only was the movie bad, but its soundtrack was wretched. 
Ah I haven't seen that movie, I did like Michael Jackson's taste in clothes, I never knew that he helped write the soundtrack for sonic 3 that is a great game
I did not know that.  Did you know Spielberg played the clarinet on the "Jaw's" soundtrack?
haha I didn't know that, that is still a great movie, did you know the plain grey shirt that mark Zuckerburg wears is worth several hundred dollars per shirt? like what brand is that
I don't think I could ever spend that much on a shirt, or any article of clothing.  Considering his $$$ Hawaiian estate, I am surprised I never see him in an aloha shirt.
haha ya, also wild that the t-shirt was invented in 1904, it seems so obvious but that was when it first appeared
And, back then, a tee shirt was purely an undergarment.  Today it is that an more.  We even have designer tees that go with a blazer jacket.  I guess we could call it clothing evolution.
speaking of evolution, did you know the princess bride's soundtrack was composed by the lead singer of dire straits? like how could he be so good at so many things
Mark Knopfler is my favorite guitarist and a truly gifted musician.  While I did not know that, it does not surprise me.  One of my favorite soundtracks is the Venture's original Batman.  Did you know each track title is the scientific  genus or family  name of a bat?
No I didn't know that, that is a great movie though, do you like that Batman movie or the Tim burton 1989 batman movie?
It was one of the better remakes with "Bat Computer".  Speaking of computers, did you know Apple had its own shortlived clothing line in 1986?
No I didn't know that, i wonder if those clothes are worth money? Like is it just big apple logos on everything?
Hello, are you interested at all in clothing information?
Yea, I never knew Pilgrim clothing actually had many colors, I guess they had a wild side after all
Yeah that's surprising right? I always saw them in books dressed fully in black, it's funny to think that was only for special occasions, like the opposite of how we do now.
Yea, it's pretty crazy that Apple had a clothing line in 1986 too. I wonder how much those original clothing is worth now
I wonder if you can still find them! There's a store in Alabama that sells unclaimed baggage, maybe there's some Apple clothing there.
I wonder if they sell any rip curl clothes that are made in North Korea in that store
Rip Curl is an interesting brand too! They say their clothes are from North Korea but I believe the label says "Made in China", it definitely takes away from the novelty.
I thought it was illegal to sell items made in North Korea in the US, I wonder how Rip Curl gets around that
Oh that's definitely true, I guess since it's clearly not truly from there it's ok. The culture around clothing is interesting, like people can tell if your clothes are tailored or not based on if there are collar gaps.
Lol, I must have not met a lot of style aficionados because no one has mentioned my collar gaps to me
Ahah well I think you can look fashionable without going that far. I like polo shirts, they were actually invented by famous tennis player Rene Lacoste.
Interesting. At Billy May's funeral the pallbearers wore his bule shirt and khaki style oufit
That's a sweet gesture, it seems strange but you can see why they did that. Similarly, in Hawaii, business and office attire is an aloha shirt, not a suit and tie like it is in the United States.
I wish I could go into my job in an alhoa shirt like they do in Hawaii
Oh definitely, instead we deal with a lot more strictness. Like did you know button down and button up refer to different styles? Depending on if the collor tips fasten to the shirt.
No, I thought button down and button up referred to the same shirt style lol
Yeah it's definitely too fancy for me regardless. Are you interested in soundtracks as well?
Yea, O brother where art thou? is a great soundtrack and it has been certified 8 times platinum
I haven't heard it but I wonder if it's been translated to other languages too! Like the Tarzan soundtrack was so big Phil Collins recorded it in 5 different languages.
It's kinda funny Phil Collins recorded his songs in 5 different language yet the Tarzan movie didn't do good at the box office
Wow I didn't know it did poor at the box office? I wonder if Batman Begins did bad as well. I know each of the song titles on the soundtrack for that movie is actually named after a genus or family of bat.
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Hey there! Do you have any pets? How about a hyena like Roosevelt had?
Yea I'd love to have a bear and over 20 pets like Teddy did
If you were in Boulder, you wouldn't "have" them, but rather be their guardian. Now isn't that a cool concept?
That's pretty cool. It's unfortunate there are more pet tigers in the US than wild ones in Asia
Yeah that is pretty sad. Maybe we should start a tiger cafe to spread awareness! Like the ones they have for cats in Japan, you know.
They have a cat cafe near my house so I don't have to take a trip to Japan
Woah, really? That's awesome! Do you get to interact with the cats there?
Yea there's like 10 cats just hanging around and you pay $10 for an hour with them
So cool. Though personally I've always been a dog person - just like Google is.
I like dogs cool, it's pretty cool Istanbul has a vending machine that feeds stray dogs
That's how it should be in all cities! Do you think it took the dogs long to figure out how to recycle there?
I don't know, dogs are pretty smart, they can instinctively understand pointing
They're so smart, they should rule over us. I vote to elect dogs as our overlords. They'd do much better than that cat they've got for mayor in Alaska.
That's pretty cool, it spent most of its time in office sleeping since a cat sleeps for 10 years in the first 15 years of life
They are some sleepy things, aren't they? Though apparently one cat woke up long enough to help write a physics paper! 
That's pretty cool. The cat in Godfather 1 was a stray cat found on set
Lucky kitty. Would you ever consider cloning your pets? I know there's a service that does it for dogs, and they've already cloned at least one cat.
No I'm not into the whole idea of pet cloning
Ah, I understand that. It is kinda creepy, just how there are more pets in Japan than there are young kids.
Maybe they can just clone the blood since dogs have 12 different blood types
Hmm, you may be on to something there. But we'll have to wait and see I guess. In the meantime, I've got to go walk my dogs.
Have a nice day
Hi! Have you heard of the song 'Small Bump' by Ed Sheeran?
I have no until now.  It appears it has been in some the news due to irish antiabortion campaigners started using it.  Have you heard it?
I really enjoy Ed Sheeran's music but have not heard of that song either before. Do you know what Sheeran's original intentions were for that song since he voiced he didn't approve of the anti-abortion usage.
It was about a friend who had a miscarriage which is a nice thing to do.  What do you think about people using stuff with permissions (such as songs)?
Oh ok, that's very nice of him. All his songs are really good and catchy, I'll have to YouTube it later. Well, there's two ways of looking at it, if I were famous, then I wouldn't want people using my songs without permission because I could get paid for it. But, if I weren't famous, then I'd want people to use my song, because then if it went viral, I could be famous haha. What do you think?
I agree.  However if you are promoting something you need to get permissions like reagan using bruce springsteen's song born in the USA.  Do you know other musicians that have spoken out?
I can't recall of any other musicians who have spoken out about that issue. I'd imagine Eminem may be a potential candidate since he writes such personal songs. Eminem also happens to be one of Sheeran's biggest musical influences! What are yours?
I like eminem as well.  That influence drove ed to win lots of awards such as Ivor Novello Award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically.  Do you know of any other awards he won?
I'm sure there must be a grammy to that list of awards Sheeran has won. It's amazing how generous he is by giving away songs to other artists, like Justin Bieber's hit, "Love Yourself" was written by Sheeran but since he didn't think it fit in with his album, he passed it off to Bieber!
Ed is very talented when it comes to music.  He has a better vocal range than Freddie Mercury.  Can you sing?
Wow, that's impressive, I was reminded by Freddie Mercury with the recent film biography about him. I can sing, but not in public haha. Can you? I think my lack of skill for singing has something to do with how humans have evolved, we've come to lose our body hair as recently as 240K years ago!
I will pass on the singing part.  Too bad my voice won'f fix itself like a rib can.  Humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2-3 months of having it surgically shortened.  Have you had surgery at all?
Wow, that's insane, ribs can grow back?! I bet that's painful but what's more painful is the screeching sound of nails scratching on the chalkboard, does that sound fall in the frequency that causes fear in humans?
Yikes, I can imagine it does.  That might be due to our DNA.  Humans began to exhibit evidence of behavioral modernity around 50000 years ago.  I sure this was picked up then...haha
Thats' been a long time! What benefit do you think there is if humans were able to synthesize our own Vitamin C like animals and plants do? The only thing I can think of is probably savings on Orange Juice purchases.
I did not know that.  Did you know that humans are adapted for persistence hunting making them among the best distance runners among all running animals?  Hard to imagine all animals.
Humans being adapted for distance runners? Wow, I'm really out of shape then and need to start hitting the gym because if I run even for one minute straight, I start panting like crazy. How about yourself?
I'm trying to get back in shape.  I assume are earlier ancestors we in decent shape since all they could do was walk around and try to survive.  They would have been called hominins.  Do you follow the history of humans?
I don't follow much history about humans but I do follow politics and the colors red and blue used to signify Republicans and Democrats have only been in use since the 2000s, I thought it existed forever! When do you think the animals were introduced?
I would imagine back in 1957 when truman refused to be photographed while riding a dumbo ride so he wouldn't be associated with republicans.
I think you may have a great point but could be earlier than that since there hasn't been a US president who wasn't a Republican or Democrat since the 1850s!
Hello there, I hope you are doing well.  Are you a fan of Ed Sheeran?
I like some of his songs, some not so much. How about you?
Not too much, but I do think he is very talented.  Do you hear that antiabortion campaigners have used one of his songs to advocate for their own cause?
Yes and it was actually a miscarriage. 
Yeah sounds like he wrote it about a friend who had one.  Did you know Bruce Springsteen once objected to someone using one of his songs?
Yes I wonder why they cannot sue them to stop using them, but I guess they can be used as longs as there is no financial gain?
Yeah you might be right, I know if I was an artist I wouldn't like it if a politician used it for their campaign. 
Its interesting that the Republican Party in the 1800's is more like the Democrats of today. 
That is funny, did you know that every president with a beard has been republican?
Or how about Democrat or Republican presidents since 1853. Where is the other parties?
Yeah to not have a president outside of those two parties is not cool.  We need to come together and change that, have more than those options and not feel like you are throwing away a vote. 
I vote third party in the last presidential elections because I didn't like either candidate. I didnt feel like I was wasting my vote. 
I voted the same myself in the last, I think that is just how the majority of people think. 
How about Ed Sheeran having a better vocal range than Freddie Mercury or giving a hit song to Justin Bieber. 
Yeah that is pretty wild to think about.  I guess he also claims Eminem is a huge influence. 
I wonder why Eminem would be an influence. I would have never guest that. 
I know right, I thought the same thing.  Their musical styles are so different.  
I guess creative types get their inspiration from many different areas so maybe its not so weird after all. 
That is true.  Did you know he wrote and recorded the song I See Fire, for the movie the Hobbit, in one day, that is impressive. 
I once saw a documentary on him doing his shows. He seemed to have limitless energy so I can see that happening. 
That must have been pretty interesting.  Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day. 
Good Morning! Call me crazy but, Ed Sheeran's song "Small Bump" has some rather unusual lyrics for a man to sing. At 4 months there's really no bump.  
That is pretty weird. I don't think I've heard that one. Ed sheeran considers Eminem as one of his biggest musical influences. I don't think they sound too similar.. 
I can't say I'd recognize him in a lineup or that one particular song of his I could pinpoint as his. I would however recognize Eminem and his work haha. Rumor has it Sheeran has a better vocal range than Freddie Mercury. That's a bold comparison, don't ya think? 
That's definitely a little bold. I'm not sure I've heard anything that good from him. Did you know he gave one of his songs to Justin Bieber?
No, I did not. Justin Bieber I've always considered a singer who appeals to tween girls and single crazy cat ladies, not a legitimate musician... Same with Sheeran. It's amazing what will sell to some demographics.  
Yeah, that's true. Did you know you can regrow part of your rib?
No! Now I wonder why anyone would have their rib shortened?! I also wonder why humans may have lost yet magically regrew body hair within the past 240k years
Yeah, that's pretty strange. The human body is very complex and confusing. Did you know there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans?
I did know that. We are born with only two fears - Loud noise and falling. The rest is legitimately learned fears. Kinda like people who are afraid to speak of politics... If a person is scared, there's a reason for such! Which side of the proverbial fence do you consider yourself to stand on?
I think there's many fears one can be born with. I think fears are primitive ways of helping us avoid danger and survive. 
Maybe. Haha I can't really pinpoint what my biggest "fear" was before maybe the age of 3.  Did you know only Republican Presidents wore beards? 
I didn't know that. Did you know Harry truman refused to be photographed on Dumbo as it would be associated with republicans?
I did not know that. I do recall the symbols of the two parties being either a donkey or an elephant, not merely red or blue. I think those symbols are rather outdated and are due for a change.
That's true. There hasn't been a president since 1853 that was not republican or democrat. 
I've never understood why some people identify solely as one or the other. I cannot really claim allegiance to one or the other as there's not one person alive who I agree with every.single.thing. on. 
Yeah, I do believe life is not just black and white and you can't just stick to one side the entire time just for the sake of loyalty. 
Humans allegedly began exhibiting behavioral modernity 50k years ago. Could it be we as a species are regressing?! Losing that little knack as we did our hair?!
That's interesting. Did you know most plants and animals can synthesize their own vitamin c, but we can not because of a defective gene.
I knew that. I'm a huge lover of the ocean and all things nautical: Scurvy didn't just climb onboard vessels lol. Did you ever watch the show Last Week Tonight with John Oliver? 
No, I didn't. What was it about?
Evidently he was a comedian. He mentioned a Tweet by The Dropkick Murphy's in 2016. Evidently the-then governor of Wisconsin used a song of theirs on his campaign trail and they roasted him on Twitter. 
That's interesting, I think I would have the same reaction if someone used my song without permission. Well, its been nice chatting! Bye!
Are you in comedy movies?
I am!  Do you have any favorites?
I love watching Bill Murray movies, also I like bromantic comedies lol, how about you?
I love the same as you....I love the Hangover and Harold and Kumar.
Nice, my favorite bromantic comedy was Pineapple Express! have you seen Kung Fu Hustle?
I haven't seen that one but I'm going to have to check it out since Bill Murray thinks that it's the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age.
that is interesting, I haven't seen it either but i know he made that comment. How about Ryan Stiles, do you know him?
I'm not familiar with Ryan Stiles.  
He was in the Drew Carey show and Whose line is it anyways. He dropped out of high school to pursue comedy and was very successful
Ahh....ok...I remember him now.  He was the tall skinny guy right?  Did you ever watch 3rd Rock from the Sun?
yea lol. I am currently watching that show right now, hilarious. Have you seen it?
I have!  It won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
I heard that, i think they beat out seinfeld and other good shows. I can see why, John Lithgow was great in it! I recommend it
I agree!  Do you like birds at all?  I love watching them.
I love birds, they are so interesting. Their bones are so hollow! 
Yes!  They are so hollow that their entire skeleton weighs less than their feathers.
How is that possible! That is interesting for sure. Did you know some birds fly from alaska to mexico without sleeping?
I did read that somewhere.  That is pretty impressive!
Right, I can't drive 2 hours without almost falling asleep! It was so nice chatting with you!
Did you know that the extinct dodo is actually a sub family of pigeon?  I had a good time!
I never knew that, I wonder how it became extinct. Enjoy your day!
Hi. Are you a fan of newspaper comics?
I am! I think they are funny! How about you?
Used to follow Peanuts. Did you know several comic artists, like Art Spiegelman and Looney Tunes animator, Chuck Jones, have received prestigious art awards?
I didn't know that, do you know what awards they've won?
Spiegelman & Jones both won the MacDowell Medal. So did author Toni Morrison (The Bluest Eye), painter Georgia O'Keeffe and playwright Stephen Sondheim (West Side Story, Company, Into The Woods).
That is so cool! Are you into comic books at all?
Marvel comics, of course, and some of the films developed from them. You
Same here! I didn't realize the cinematic universe takes place in earth-199999!
In Marvel comics, yes. Lots of time to develop all kinds of stories! Did you know the 1st comic books were just compilations of comic strips, like a book of Peanuts strips would be?
That is crazy how far they've come! I mean there are so many volumes! I'd like to see Michigan States collection!
Heard it's the largest in the world. Private collectors can be fanatic - someone may have a larger collection out there. 
I'm sure there is! Some millionaire probably owns all the originals haha.
Just one original of Charles Shultz's Sunday Peanuts strip sells for 10's of thousands! Who knew?
That is very interesting! Do you like to read literature as well?
You bet. All kinds. Do you have a favorite author?
You can't beat Tolkien and the Lord of the Rings! You? I can't believe the FDA burned six tons of literature in an act of us censorship!
Wonder when that burning took place? Agree Tolkien books are great - love the strange locations & the languages of the different clans. Imaginative genius??
Genius for sure! Probably around the time they were banning everything else like alcohol haha. I think it's cool that literature was an olympic event until 1952!
That tells you about its Greek origins. They were big on literature, poetry, painting, sculpture. Not considered "sports" today. Are you a fan of jazz??
I like it but not in love with it! Clint Eastwood is a huge enthusiast I heard! Anyways, Great chatting with you!
Catch Winston Marsales & his jazz ensemble if you ever have a chance. Like Louis Armstrong on trumpet, maybe better!!  Nice chat. Cheers!!
I will look into that! Have a great day!
Hi do you like comic books?
I sure do and you? I love Stan Lee, he was the man
He sure was, do you know how he ended his calls?
Considering he was Stan it had to end with Excelsior
Yeah exactly. Do you know where Marvel universe takes place?
Yes it is earth-199999. DO you know where the original comic book takes place?
Yes that one takes place on earth-616
Yeah. Do you know how Marvel trademarked the terms superhero and supervillain?
Oh yeah they just published a generic comic book with those terms
Pretty genius of them. Do you know what DC stands for?
Yes that stands for Detective COmics so it is very redundant
Yeah strange. Do you know where is the largest library of comic books?
Yes that would be in Michigan State University
Yeah, I would like to visit I mean is the the largest in the world
Yeah me too. Do you read much besides comic books?
Yes I read other stuff and know some facts about literature in general and you?
Me too. Once the FDA burned tons of books during censorship, so sad
Yeah I know and literature used to be part of the olympic games
Yeah too bad it was no more after 1912 along with sculpture , music, painting and others
Yeah I know too bad. Did you know Churchill won the Nobel prize for literature?
Pretty cool guy. Did you know romantic kissing can hardly be found in older books?
Yeah it is a rather new thing IN ancient greek they did not even mention it
Yeah pretty cool how times have changed
Hello
Hello did you know that Art Spiegelman was the first comic artist to recevie the MacDowell Medal?
No, I sure didn't.  What is that award?
It's an award that goes to comic book writers
Oh ok.  The first award went to Thornton Wilder in 1960
I saw that.  Looks like it has been presented annually ever since.  I'm surprised the largest comic book market in the world is Japan.
Spiegelman has spent a half-century as an artist trying to help make sense of the shifting social and political landscape.
50 years!  He must have started when he was young.
Yeah no doubt.  He was part of the underground comix scene in the Bay Area in the early '70s. 
In 1980 I see he started the avant-comics magazine called RAW.
Cool.  Spiegelman was also teaching courses in comics and aesthetics at the School of Visual Arts in New York. 
Nice.  I never heard of this guy before today. lol  Looks like he won a Pulitzer prize in 1992.
Comic book legend stan lee ends every phone conversation he has with the word "excelsior!"
I didn't know that.  Did you know Stan Lee just died recently?  I think it was at the beginning of December
Yes, I did hear that.  The dc from dc comics stands for detective comics, so their company name is redundant.
Looks like DC Comics is the 2nd largest comic book publisher in the United States.
Wow, that's cool.  The michigan state university library has the largest publicly available comic book collection in the world
Nice.  The comic book market is huge.  It was valued at 1.09 billion in the United States and Canada in 2016.
Yeah, that's crazy.  
I don't understand those manga comics.  Are you familiar with them?
No, I'm not.  Thanks.
Wow.  By 1995 the manga market in Japan was valued between 6 and 7 billion dollars!  ...and Thank you for the chat!
That's awesome.  Thanks for the chat.
We must be in the bonus round? 
Yeah really
Hello, do you like comic books?
I do! Do you?
Yeah me too. Do you know how Stan Lee ended his calls?
No, how?
with the word excelsior
Wow! Did you know he was in all the marvel movies as an extra? I always tried to find him and giggle a little.
Cool I did not know that actually. DO you know how Marvel trademarked superhero and supervillain?
I did not. That's pretty cool. How do people get away with using it? Weird...
Well I guess you can use it but must give credit to Marvel. THey just published a generic comic book
Wow. Michigan state has the largest comic book collection. Who knew!
Yeah I would like to visit that at some point. Do you know what DC stands for?
District of Columbia?
It is actually Detective Comics, it is a redundant name
that's pretty cool. Did you know the the marvel cinematic unviverse take splace in earth- 199999?
Did not know that. DO you read other literature?
I read all sorts of stuff. What do you read?
I like novels a lot. Too sad the fda once burned tons of books. 
Yeah. What a waste. There is an annual literature contest that challenges people to come up with the worst opening line.
I would like to read those. Did you know literature was an Olympic sport?
really? Why did they get rid of it. I would love that. Have hemmingway walk in the olympic flag????
I know, I guess they wanted to stick with sports only. Nice chat :)
Hi are you a fan of Ed Sheeran?
I don't know who he is.  I've heard the name but can't say that I would recognize any of his songs.  Wasn't one about a hobbit or something?
I'm not sure. lol  I'm not too familiar with him.  I'm reading up on him now.  Ed Sheeran cites Eminem as one of his biggest music influences.
That's not helpful.  I can't name an Eminem song either.  The only time I listen to music is when I take the grandson to school and other places.  He likes teenager pop stuff but they rarely announce the artist name.  So who knows what I'm listening to.  Is Sheeran the guy who slept rough near buckingham palace for a couple years?  
I couldn't honestly tell you. lol  He has a better vocal range than Freddie Mercury. Do you know much about the Republican party?
I know that Lincoln was a Republican and that they have changed from right to left and back, who knows how many times?  Wasn't Barry Goldwater a famous republican?
I believe he was.  There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a Republican or a Democrat since 1853.
Those two parties do have a firm hold.  Nowadays we talk about red and blue states for the two parties.  I can never keep it straight.  I think red is a nicer, stronger color but politically I'm pretty blue.  
Nice.  Did you know that consistent use of red and blue colors only started in 2000?  I could have swore I saw it a lot before then.
I guess that I'm just a slow learner.  I wonder how far back the elephant and donkey as mascots goes.  I know in the '50s when Truman went to Disney land he made sure there was no Dumbo in the background of any photos.  
That's a funny story!  Before Trump, the last time a Republican was elected president without a Nixon or Bush on the ticket was 1928!
But they take the record for only President to resign, Nixon.  In the 1930's the Northeast and Midwest were Republican strongholds.  Now the Northeast is a lot of Democrats and the South has gone Republican. 
lol True!  Every US president with a beard has been a Republican.  I never noticed that.
I guess those old guys like Washington didn't like beards.  I won't comment on our current guy's hair.  I'm sure it's unique in some way. But who knows what's next in hair, supposedly we lost our body hair about 240,000 years ago.  What's next?
LOL That's funny!  Humans are adapted for persistence hunting making them among the best distance runners among all running animals.
Unlike the Cheetah that can make a really fast burst of speed but then has to rest for a while.  The other thing about our hunting is we use tools a lot more than other animals.  And I think we are sneakier.  Especially our politicians.  
Yes! haha  There is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans.
So why don't we just set up some giant speakers and make the other army run away.  Maybe get a punk band to play that sound.  
lol Humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original within only 2 to 3 months of having it surgically shortened.  Odd fact of the day.  It's been fun chatting!
I don't buy that rib story.  Only crabs and such can regrow their claws.  Have a nice day.  
lol Have a great day!
Hello! How are you today?
Hello. I'm listening to NWA's Straight Outta Compton, it reached platinum, without the support of airplay or a tour.
I love that album! They weren't the best selling album of the 21 century though, I'm trying to think of who it was?
I don't know, I know Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon was still going strong in 2014.
That is crazy! Hasn't that been out for like 40 years now? I think Linkin Park topped them though.
Maybe. I bought it on vinyl a few years ago.
Vinyls are making a comeback lol. I'm sure you can get Bruno Mars on vinyl now.
They never really went away, as they have always been issued. I would love a recording of the sounds of Mars, they have a higher pitch than Earth sounds.
That would be awesome to hear! It would only take 2-3 days to get there at 1g speed!
Evidently, Lockheed Martin lost a satellite, due to using the wrong measurement system.
I wonder what they were using haha. They better get it right by the year 2023!
What happens in 2023?
There is a mars colonization project happening then, and they are funding it with a reality tv show haha.
Interesting. I wonder what the Roman God of War has to say about that? It is his planet.
He would have wanted a better nickname to it than the Red Planet I'm sure lol.
It IS red though. From all of the iron oxide.
I would call it the blood planet haha. I'm sure he would have liked that better! Can you believe Bruno Mars writes all of his own music? That is rare these days!
I don't know who that is. Is he latin?
He's a pop artist. I think he is filipino but I could be wrong. He was named after a professional wrestler though haha.
Weird. I guess that's almost as bad as starting out as an Elvis impersonator.
You have to start somewhere. Maybe I should do that too? Haha it was nice chatting, have a great day!
hey do you listen to any albums? I guess the vinyl album started in the 1972
I like a lot of albums! apparently walmart will only sell clean ones though!
ya that is very weird, would you buy the album from those identical japanese twins? They were 100 years old when they made it haha
i have never heard of that album, what is it like?
ya I haven't heard it, it's probably really weird and hard to find, it was made back in 1992
that is not too old! Led Zeppelin once did not title an album to confuse the rock press
that is awesome, I love Led Zeppelin, did you ever listen to Straight outt compton?
I did not, well maybe just the one song, why?
well ya they got it to platinum status without any radio play apparently which is impressive
wow that is very impressive, maybe the street culture embraced it and spread the word?
haha it must be! I do love Pink Floyd, and I like knowing that Dark side of the moon is still a best selling album in 2014!
Bob Marley was on the charts for over 914 weeks, that is long time appeal!
that is crazy! that record is a classic, do you like the planet mars btw? You know it was named for the god of war?
I know a bit about Mars, I know that there is a dwarf planet between it and jupiter!
wow that is cool, also cool is sounds on mars have a higher pitch than on earth, kind of crazy!
Is that true? that is very interesting, I have heard that sunsets are blue there as well, odd place!
ya that seems screwy, also screwy is there is a mars colonization project theyre making for 2023, apparently it will be based on a reality tv show haha
really? that news to me! I heard some of the aluminum from the WTC was used to explore Mars
oh wow that is interesting, what is crazy is that if you travelled at 1g acceleartion, it'd only take 3 days to get to mars
how fast is 1g? I know the curiosity rover sings itself happy birthday, which is cute!
haha well it is probably fast actually, what is cool is that lichens from earth would actally be able to live on mars
oh really? that is great, i hope one day we can colonize to expand, that is a cool concept
ya I agree, I want to visit mars! kind of dumb nasa mixed up imperial and the metric system and that caused a lost satellite
Bruno Mars has recently been accused of cultural appropriation.
I know and I am a bit confused as to why?
I guess he starting using various other types of music incorporated into his own.
They say because he isn't African American.. However, if thats the case then a lot of artist would fall into that category. 
I'm not sure how I feel about the whole thing. I didn't know he wasn't African American,  to be honest.
He's Puerto Rican and filipino. However, I think it's ridiculous. I've never thought that about him.. 
Ultimately, it shouldn't matter, especially in the time and age that we currently live in
I agree. Shaun King had a valid question, Should Bruno not be allowed to sing? 
He obviously should. I think a lot of the arguments are ridiculous, as well.
He reaches all genres.. Rock, Funk, Pop, Raggae, Rock, ect. 
Yeah, he does have an eclectic musical palette, from a variety of cultures and backgrounds.
His real name is peter gene hernandez.. I saw him in concert this year.
How was the concert?
It was amazing!! The band he performs with "The Hooligans" played all kinds of instruments.. Ella Mae opened for him that night.
I'm glad you had a great time! I will have to listen to an album soon.
It was his birthday as well. We all got birthday hats.. Ed Sheeran came out at the end
How was Ed Sheeran? I have heard good things.
Well, I did not know that he was going to do a surprise performance and we left as soon as Bruno exited the stage!!! I could have kicked myself... Cardi B was supposed to open for Bruno but she just had her baby and canceled.
That is such a crazy experience. I need to go to a concert soon.
I don't go to many but my husband surprised me with tickets. 
You have inspired me to go to more. Great speaking with you.
How's it going? Did you know Mars is the second smallest planet in the Solar System after Mercury?
I did actually. Did you know that mars is the fourth planet from the sun.
Yea, Mars is quite an interesting planet with the impact craters, valleys, deserts, and polar ice caps it has
It really is quite interesting.
It sure is, sounds on Mars have higher pitch due to the differences in atmosphere
Well opera singer would probably love to sing up there huh.
Opera singers, Lichens, and cyanobacteria, all 3 would thrive on Mars
Lol. They would all get to enjoy a blue sunset as well.
I wonder if there will be a way to reach Mars using 1g acceleration, then people can visit in 3 days
Im not sure but count me out. Ill just stay here safely on planet earth.
Well I'd definitely avoid it if Locheed Martin designs the ship, they caused a satellite to crash on Mars from using the wrong measuring system
Sounds like he needs a new line of work. Did you know that there is a curiosity robot on mars.
Yea, I've hear a little about it, and also the mars colonization project which will also be a reality show too
That sounds like something I could actually watch. 
Probably be better than watching Bruno Mars, even if he does write his own music
I agree Im not his biggest fan. Bruno was actually interviewed on mtv when he was 4 years old. 
That's interesting, Mars was also named after wrestler Bruno Sammartino
I didnt know that. Apparently he has been an entertainer for a long time. He play elvis in a movie in 1992.
He was also signed and dropped by motown records, he's had an interesting life
Yes he has. 
Well I have to go, nice talking with you
Did you watch the Grammy 2018 awards?
yes. It was held in Los Angeles on Feb 10.
The 60th Grammy Awards, cant believe its been 60 years already, many history behind the awards
Yeah. So many hard work and lot of creativity and dedication to their work.
A lot of dedication I agree with you there, what do you think  of the winners? 
Lot of creativity and thinking different from others and hard work.
I think that Bruno Mars nailed it with his song ''Thats What I like'' it won the award for best song
In my blood is also good. You hear it or not ?
I thought it was good yeah and what about 24k Magic? nice song, great rythem. 
Bruno Mars record of the year. He is multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and dancer. He is know for his stage performance.
Do you like him as an artist? he is pretty young born in the year 1985
His performances is amazing surely we want to accept his talent. "Hybrid theory" is the best selling album of the 21st cenutry.
It is? that is a great album I wonde if one of Mars albums is close in sales to that one
An album is a collection of audio recordings issued as a collection on DVD. It was developed in 20th century.
Wow, seems like albums have a lot of history, 
Yeah. You know another Mars. It is a fourth planet in the solar planet. It also called Red planet because it is always hot.
Must be a living hell, there is a project to colonize Mars, its happening in the year 2023, that will be an interesting show to watch. 
Non-classical 24K magic Bruno Mars producer of the year. Leonard Bernstein best engineered album.
Thats another great Mars lol, I wonder how Bruno Mars will sounds in Mars, the planet has higher pitchs than earth
Amazing. Very nice chatting with you. Have a great day.
You too have a great day bye, 
Hi! I do agree with Tom Perez that black women are in fact that backbone of the Democratic party.  If they do manage to pull off a blue wave, the democrats should thank black women for it.
That's an interesting point of view. I try to avoid anything political, it's too depressing, lately.
What's crazy is there hasn't been a non Republican or non Democrat president since 1853. They've all been either republicans or democrats!
I know, the consistent use of the red and blue colors for the Republican and Democratic parties only started in 2000.
Wow! I wasn't aware of that. I just assumed those were always the party's colors. It's also crazy knowing there has never been a non-republican president with a beard.
In 1957 President Harry Truman visited Disneyland and refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride  so he wouldn't be associated with the Republicans.  And people talk about Trump being childish, it's always went on.  Lol
Agreed. Crazy to think that happened in the 1950s especially when figures seemed more mature. It's the nature of the beast I suppose. Politicians have to do whatever satisfies their base. Like I couldnt  believe Regan campaigned for democrats and was once against high corporate profits!
Yes, it's gotten so divided in the country, it's sad.  Reagan was good in that respect.  He could honestly campaign for someone from a different party.
I know. It's sad to think people wouldn't dare do that these days. I was even surprised to learn democrats make up 15% of the party!
Yeah, you don't hear too much about the Tea party anymore, though.  
True! Just like I had never heard the Democratic party was the world's oldest active political party. I always assumed it was the Republican party since it's referred to as the "Grand Ole Party"?
I didn't know that either.  Did you know that the astronauts vote from space?
Is that so? That's very interesting as it saves them from having to worry about not being able to vote. I guess it's better to vote from space than in a lion infested jungle like the Indian government does for a single voter. That is plain wrong!
That is plain wrong.  I read somewhere that 34% of the black male population in Alabama have permanently lost the right to vote.  How does that even happen?
That's a good question. Especially when you consider black men gave 93% of their votes to Doug Jones in the deep red state of Alabama.
True.  Did you know that not all men in The UK had the right to vote until 1918?  
Really? I Wonder why that is? Can't help but wonder now that if not all men had the right to vote in Austin, Texas, would their garbage dump had been renamed Fred Durst? Ha!
That's too funny.  I wonder how honored Fred Durst feels having the dump named after him?
Ha! I bet he isn't too happy about that. Just like many aren't happy about Republicans losing the popular vote in the last 6 out of 7 presidential elections.
Yes, they are lots of those disgruntled about the Republicans losing the popular vote but winning the election.  Read how your electoral system works, people.  It was setup this way for a reason.
That is so true! I mean, the party was founded by anti-slavery activists so it doesn't bother me if they lose the popular vote, or any party for that matter. Well it's been nice chatting with you! Take care!
Did you see how Democrats won the house in the last election? Apparently people think it's because black women were voting for them in large numbers
I did see that.  Interesting stats.  Seems like that percentages are tipped to where people are voting for their own race.
Yep that is what it seems like. For instance with black men, they made up 11% of the electorate but 93% of them voted for Democrat Doug Jones
Kind of crazy.  Did you know that Hillary Clinton was president of young republicans in college?   Funny she ended up being a democrat.
No I didn't know that. But what is interesting is that every president that has ever had a beard has been a Republican
That is interesting!  Never put 2 and 2 together.  The US congress has played a republicans vs democrats baseball game annually since 1909 with the republicans hold a slight edge with 3 more wins that the democrats.
Well that's interesting. What do you think about the fact that Republicans and Democrats have always been a president since 1853, before that they were called other names
I didn't know that.  How interesting.  Since WW2 the us economy consistently performs better under democratic presidents.  Interesting stat.
Yeah that is interesting. It's also interesting that the colors red and blue have only been associated with Republicans and Democrats since about the year 2000, I always thought it was much longer than that
Wow.  You're right...I thought it was much longer too.  Another funny switcheroo....Ronald Reagan was originally a democrat by switched over to be a republican.
Yeah that is interesting, originally he would campaign for Democrats and he would campaign against corporate profits and low wages, very shocking
Interesting.  Supposedly republicans are statistically more educated than democrats.
Well you have a lot of great facts don't you haha. What do you think about voting though? Did you know that astronauts can vote from space
I didn't know that. lol  I do see where a chimpanzee received 400,000 votes in a mayoral election in Rio De Janeiro. lol
Wow that's funny LOL I wonder if he did a good job being the mayor LOL. Did you know that in India they set up a polling booth for only one person, it was in a forest full of lions LOL
LOL What were they thinking? lol  If all of Canada was one state in the US, it would only have 50 electoral votes which is fewer than California.
Wow that's crazy! What scares me though is that only in 1918 did all men in the United Kingdom finally have the right to vote, I wonder what was holding it up
That is weird.  Maybe because they were still ruled by a King and Queen?
I'm not 100% sure about that, what I do know is that in Alabama, 34% of the black male population can't even vote
Wow.  Why is that?
I think they lose the ability to vote once they go into prison, and so that is why they can't vote anymore
Hi, how are you? are you interested in politics?
I am interested in it, but I know you have to tread carefully around it.
yes, many people have strong opinions on the matter, but in these chats, we can safely exchange opinions. the two parties are not enough for this country. Agree?
That I can agree on.  Difficult to see it changing.  The Democrats and Republicans have the system sown up.
yes, the money flows to them and those outside the system cannot get in without money. too bad.
I know there have bee third party, or independent candidates, Nader, Perot, but they just act as spoilers and never have a real chance.
i dont know what else they could do except maybe run for a different office like senator or governor. i think people want someone that can change things rapidly but that is not possible.
How about some voting facts?  A chimp received 400,000 votes in Brazil once.
the chimp probably did have some good social policies. better than his opponents. plus people like chimps. especially when they wear tuxedos.
Maybe all votes should be based on novelty clothes.  There's always these animals gaining political office, I heard of a dog that passes away last week that was a three time mayor of some town somewhere in America
the dog was a good boy, one of the best, and was always ready to play fetch. house trained. perfect for the office. 
House trained should be the very basic requirement.  That would be an interesting question at the presidential debates.  
i think most of trump's family would do fine. dont know about trump though. the 2020 election ought to be interesting.
In terms of civility, yes.  I can't see it being a 99.85% vote to either candidate, like in the Norwegian referendum.
we could make a law that would mandate voting. that would be interesting.
When 40% of a State votes against the inter-racial marriage that might not be the best idea.
yes, but then people would get the govt that they deserve. they cannot complain that they did not participate.
I know in Australia you get fined if you don't vote.
Yeah, ive heard that. the idea is that its your govt, you need to choose. i like it. anyway, great chat
Same here, and we didn't yell at each other about each other stupid beliefs.
yes, i get tired of the yelling. im sure you and i disagree on many thing, but yelling has never changed another persons mind. 
Have a good evening.  Farewell.
Hi, do you know who Bruno Mars is?
I do. He is my favorite music artist. Who is your favorite singer?
I am a bit older, so I am not up on current singers. One of my old favorites was Janis Joplin. What kind of songs does Mars sing.
I believe he mostly sings hip hop and funk. Did you know that Bruno Mars writes his own music?
No I didn't. I have tried to imagine how someone can put together a piece of music. I guess you either have that talent or you don't.
Yep, Bruno Mars was actually named after the professional wrestler Bruno Sammartino
That is interesting. Were his parents just big Sammartino fans or what?
Not sure, but Bruno Mars was originally an Elvis impersonator. Talk about ironic.
Wow! That is a big surprise. So from what I understand his songs are nothing like Elvis?
I agree, they are pretty different from Elvis's. Bruno Mars's music is pretty original, and it is paired up with his excellent dancing skills
I'll have to listen to some of his music. I'm always open to new music. Which of his songs would you suggest for an old rocker like me?
I am not sure since I am not the biggest music fan out there. However, I believe Queen has had some huge hits like bohemian rhapsody. 
Now Queen I am familiar with. But speaking of mars did you know that sounds on mars have a higher pitch than on earth?
Is it because of the atmosphere on mars? Maybe after we colonize mars, we can experiment with the difference of the pitches.
Yes. I hope I live to see us land on mars. I understand a colonization project is planned for 2023.
It was SpaceX's ambitious plan right? I really hope that we can colonize mars before the end of the 21st century. I would like to visit mars one day.
Yes I think so. That would be great wouldn't it. Some people think we are from mars but had to leave because they lost their atmosphere.
Yep, and since there are polar icecaps on mars, we could have come from mars as there used to be life on mars.
They say it could currently still be supporting life such as Lichens and cyanobacteria. We would just need to restore the atmosphere and there we are.
It would only take us 2-3 days to fly to mars under 1g of acceleration. That is a very fast speed!
That is fast if they can do it. The length of time for the trip has been a major drawback.
Currently it will take a few months to get to mars. If we do manage to colonize mars, getting aid to mars will prove to be a difficult challenge when mars is faced with an emergency
I would think that we would send several unmanned supply trips before the colonization starts so there would be an ample amount of supplies already there.
I agree, and maybe even some robots that could help organize those supplies, although I do not think robot technology is able to do that right now.
Robots would be good. I don't think we are far away from that technology right now. Look at what they're doing with self driving cars.
Google's self driving cars have proven themselves on the field, although I still think that it will take time for the government to allow people to own these cars.
I agree. I have been driving so long I probably wouldn't want one. But I could see them doing long range over the road trucking.
That would cut the cost of transport by a lot, but I am sure that there will be much job loss attributed to the success of self driving cars.
That is a definite downside. It's really been great chatting with you, but I'm afraid I have to say good night.
Hello, were you aware that Fox News thought of creating a channel that would only air the Simpsons? How cool would that be?
haha yes I would watch that! kind of crazy they get more views than cnn and msnbc combined
I would as well. What's hilarious, is that it threatened to sue the Simpsons, to stop them from doing parodies of their anti-dem agenda. That's unreal.
ya that sounds really dumb, also weird that Richard Nixon was a founder of Fox News
That is surprising, I didn't know that he and Richard Ailes were friends.
ya I didn't know that either, its interesting its in 86 countries, so a lot more than just the USA
If I'm not mistaken, the international markets have Fox Extra segments during commercial breaks. I guess they are everywhere.
ya it would seem so, do you ever do fantasy football?
I do not. I'm more into poetry and classical music. Did you know Shakespeare invented the name Miranda?
I didn't thats impressive, crazy that he and Pocahontas were alive at the same time period
What's crazier, is that everything we know about him privately, has been recorded by others.
ya he i still a mystery, and yes he also invented the names olivia and Jessica
It really makes you wonder. The same with Tchaikowsky, he donated his skull to the Shakespeare company. To be used as a prop. People were so strange back then.
ya that is screwy, also screwy is that in his time people had a different accent and way to pronounce things, so things that don't rhyme now would have rhymed back in his day
That's why modern translations often don't make any sense. Kinda like how people do the fantasy draft of the national spelling bee.
haha, ya they even have fantasy politics, like these people will bet on anything haha
At this point, I bet the fantasy politics is better than real, lol. Then again, I guess it's the allure of the wealth. Like that one guy who won the lottery and bought a waterpark.
haha that sounds awesome! have you ever read anything by Terry Pratchett? I guess he was knighted, so his books must be good
No, I haven't even heard of him. Is his work anything like that janitor in Chicago, who wrote a 15,000 page fantasy manuscript?
I don't know, but that janitor also did over 300 watercolor paintings in the book, it sounds kind of awesome actually
It truly does. I'm always in awe of people who can do things like that. Thank you for chatting with me, have a wonderful evening.
you too, and be careful with fantasy stuff, only a single brain fold is the difference between realizing something is fantasy or reality!
Do you think lotto winners should be obligated to make their name public?
No.  It invites criminals and other slime.  Should should be able to remain anonymous. I really think it's a safety issue. I don't buy the argument of the lottery people.
Do you think people would believe that there was actually a winner, if it were not disclosed who it was?
I don't know but it's not worth getting someone killed.  The lottery company could prove to some independent agent that's sworn to secrecy. 
That is a good idea. The law might not be on her side according to open records laws. You can form an anonymous trust but needs to be be done before signing her name.
Yeah, it's a mess.  I guess I would argue the case of personal safety because there are some horror stories of lottery winners being the victims of crime.
Yeah, and lottery winners often get swindled.
Yep. So are you into fantasy stuff.  I really did like "The Lord of the Rings".  It's the only fantasy film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Not that much. I do like a good fantasy film I can really get into though. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between knowing reality from fantasy.
Some people in politics seem to be missing that feature.  Wow there is a university where one can actually study ScFi and fantasy... Wonder what school has that?  In LA no doubt...
Some people take fantasy seriously. Comedic fantasy author Terry Pratchett was knighted for his services to literature.
I think there is a case for Tolkien in that regard.  He foresaw Hitler and WW II though fantasy.  Henson used it to teach children to some degree...
Interesting. Did William Shakespeare write any fantasy?
I would say he had characters that were fantastic but not really a fantasy writer. Funny that he intentionally made grammatical errors to get the audience's attention.
And a lot of phrases he coined are still in use today like laughing stock, wild good chase and good riddance.
I think he proved that human nature is a very unchanging thing.  Wow, there are 33 Shakespeare gardens that only grow stuff that he mentioned.  Stay clear of the hemlock! 
I would love to visit. There are also several popular names that were invented by him like Jessica, Olivia and Miranda.
Cool.  I recently read that MSNBC is 85% dedicated to opinion.  I'm skeptical... That only allows for 15% being dedicated to news. 
Interesting. Apparently Fox News is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
That I actually knew.  That's why I don't believe that the median view age is 68 for Fox News.  That doesn't even make sense unless there are a lot of 100+ year-olds out there.
They discussed the possibility of making a cable cahnnel that would only air the simpsons. Would you watch?
I like the Simpsons so yes... I stream on my laptop more than I watch TV.  
Speaking of which, I'm in the mood to watch the simpsons. Have a good night!
hi, do you like fantasy?
Not really. I prefer comedy. How about you?
yeah somewhat. did you know people fantasy draft the spelling bee
I didn't know that. Do you like the Lord of the Rings? The Return of the King is the first and only fantasy film to ever get an academy award for best picture.
I actually like it a lot. do you know what keeps the reality from fantasy separate in us?
I'm not sure. What is it? Jim Henson made "The Black Crystal" because he felt that children should never be afraid. He wanted them to return to fantasy's darker roots like Hans Christian Andersen tales.
wow did not know that. do you like any news channels?
I prefer not to watch the news. I find it depressing. How about you?
yeah me too but i heard fox news is the most watched
I hear the median viewer age is 68 though
do you know who created it?
Who created it? 
richard nixon and richard ailes
Interesting. I did not know that. Fox News threatened to sue the SImpsons because they didn't like them parodying their anti democratic party agenda.
yeah and at the same time they want to create a chanell to play only simpsons
Ha, interesting. Would you watch tv all day if you won the lottery? Travel? Do something else?
definitely travel and maybe try and catch some shakespeare dramas
Is there a such thing as too much money though? There was a lottery winner who wanted to remain anonymous. There have been reports of lottery winners getting killed after they disclose their names.
wow did not know that. did you know shakespeare made up a bunch of women's names
I did not know that. He also made grammatical errors on purpose to emphasize points in his plays.
that is remarkable. nice chat
Hi! Do you play any sports?
Not really so much anymore, but I used to. How about you?
I used to play volleyball but with only three players instead of six like what is typically played and we always tried to slam the ball. 
That's pretty interesting. Did you know that volleyball and basketball were both invented at the YMCA?
I didn't know that! I wonder if they patented or licensed those inventions! I knew that our local YMCA basketball height was the same regardless of gender, but wasn't the same for volleyball nets, the women's nets were much shorter. Do you think that's fair or reasonable?
That's not too fair. They say that the best female volleyball player in the world is nicknamed "Game Over."
Lol, that's a great nickname! That would definitely strike a sense of intimidation and fear in me if I new that the opposing team had a player like that. Maybe she got her nickname by kicking the volleyball, it's actually not against the rules to do that!
That's pretty interesting, so I guess you can use any part of your body in volleyball?
Yeah, none of it is against the rules, that would've been useful to know since my wrists were in so much pain from hitting the ball.
I bet. Did you hear that Fedex actually returned a volleyball that washed up after the Japanese Tsunami?
How did they know who to return it to? I'm glad no sharks got ahold of that treasured volleyball. Sharks were existent even before dinosaurs and trees!
I was wondering that myself. Sharks are amazing! They can be trained like dogs to bark!
They can bark? I think I'd be too afraid to wait and listen to their sounds the moment I see their mouth open and sharp teeth even though they can rescue sailors, like dolphins. I think I'd much prefer to hitch a ride with dolphins than sharks, you?
Yeah, I'd feel safer with the dolphins than the sharks. Apparently Great White Sharks congregate in the middle of the Pacific Ocean in an area known as The White Shark Cafe. I don't think I'd want to go there, I have a feeling that I'd be the entree. 
Lol, as friendly as it sounds to enter that cafe, I wouldn't want to enter either even though they have no rib cages, their massive size can cause them to literally crush their own bodies, I wonder if any other animals have no rib cages like sharks.
That's pretty interesting, I wonder if Wikileaks leaked that information. Wikileaks actually published the Government's plans to destroy Wikileaks.
Was it in those documents that revealed that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?
I'm not sure about that. I wonder if most of the land there consist of military bases and test sites? I mean Area 51 is there I believe. 
Yes, I think that's what its used for mainly, but maybe its in those Wikileaks that reveal the actual purpose of housing bases there and perhaps even information regarding whether anyone has attempted to sell the Statue of Liberty like a man in france who managed to sell the Eiffel Tower twice! I wonder who the prospective buyers were.
That is pretty crazy, what would be even crazier is if it was the same buyer both times. 
Yeah, but hopefully those documents reveal how much the US government has done, maybe something like the Norwegian government where they donated one billion to help save the amazon rainforest!
Are you familiar with computers?
Yeah. Use them all the time. Wish I could use one in the pool.
That's too bad, they're not waterproof. But they can easily carry out tasks called programs.
Well I was thinking of that because the Russians made a computer that runs on water.
Oh really, I think I heard something something about it now I think about it, what year was it?
1936.  You can't even smoke in font of an Apple, so what the Russians did is pretty impressive.
Well, technically you can smoke in front of an Apple, you just void the warranty, which I guess is a bad thing as well.
ahh, I see. Well, better not to smoke.
Ya, scientists have done many research on it
I hear bones become magnetic when exposed to radiation. So scientists measured them in order to determine how much radiation people absorbed in Hiroshima
Really? Akihito, the emperor of japan is a scientist and he still publishes papers.
that is impressive. not as impressive as walking on the moon, like Harrison Schmitt did, but impressive nonetheless
Harvard scientists have also managed to store a gif of a galloping horse in some dna.
Ha ha. Too much time on their hands? That should definitely be in Sacremento's Library of Things
It must be a pretty big achievement to have done that, I don't think they would give it to the Library of Things .
what if it were a library founded by william gladstone?
Well, William Gladstone's library only had books, although there were about 32,000 books, which is still impresive.
Yeah, you'd need a big ass wheelbarrow to get them all there
It was 3/4 of a mile, must be a hard task for a man aged 85.
yeah. he should've just asked Norway to do it, since they are always distributing books to library
That sounds like a great idea! Anyways, it was nice talking to you.
hey there do you like going to the library?
I enjoy a good library.   Just got a great book about Hiroshima and the atomic bomb.
ah nice, ya I go all the time, I wish my library were like the one in the UK though where you can get things like sewing machines, that would be useful
I've heard about those.   Library of things they call them.    There is one in Sacramento
oh nice, maybe I should move there haha, nice to know that over half of adults have library cards though
Reading is FUNdamental.    Did you ever hear about the man who was falsely convicted that used his prison time to study law at the library?
lol, I did, and then he became a lawyer to help free other people, thats so nice!
I wonder if it is worth it to publish in Norway.    You are guaranteed 1000 copies will be bought and distributed to libraries!
haha yes, and 1500 if its a kids book, you're guaranteed to make money!
True.    I would like to find instructions on building a water-run computer like the russians built in 1936.
ya I am so curious how that works, also how someone could upload their mind to a usb drive
That is not so far out when you consider the Space Shuttle Computer runs on 1MB of RAM.
ya that is impressive, do you have an android or an iphone btw?
I use an iPhone, even though one cannot smoke near one since that is a biohazard!
right, I dont smoke but thats kind of crazy, did you know the emperor of Japan is a scientiest?
I have heard that.     Scientists like John Von Neumann are amazing people.
ya and Akihito the emperor still publishes papers even today
It is amazing the term scientist has only been around since 1833.
ya thats not long, and for the record I love the scientist who invented the internet in 1989, what a genius!
True.    Now they can even store binary software in bacterial DNA!
that is crazy! and ya I wonder how they did that gif of a galloping horse
Thanks.   I think Im going to go try some minecraft!
you should! and you should try making a 16 bit computer with the blocks!
Hi. Do you like going to the library? I think it's cool how many things are available to borrow.
I love going to the library but now a days I pretty much search and check my books out online. It is amazing at what all is available at the library.
Yes so much more convenient. You are right from newspapers to manuscripts to films even CD's!
I know and video games. Did you know they try to lure the teenagers into the library with this?
Quite funny I bet it works! If you publisha book in Norway the government will buy 1000 copies and distribute them to libraries. I wonder if they do the same with children's books?
Hmmm. Not sure. All ships visiting the ancient city of alexandria had to surrender their books for immediate copying. Then they put the originals in the library of alexandria. 
Oh wow. Interesting. One cool fact is that there are more libraries that McDonalds which makes me have hope for us!
Thank goodness!! Did you know that a jawbone revealed how much radiation a Hiroshima bomb victim absorbed. I am sure the results were frightening.
That is fascinating but scary at the same time. I bet a scientist came up with that idea. Hard to believe it wasn't until the 19th century that the term scientist came into use.
I am surprised at that! I am also surprised that it is illegal to own a rabbit in queensland without having a magicians license or being a scientist. What do they have against pet rabbits?
Haha hilarious. There are too many wild rabbits there. Only one scientist has ever walked on the moon...Harrison Schmitt.
That is neat. I am amazed at scientists. Did you know that Harvard scientists managed to store a gif animation of a galloping horse in the dna of bacteria. How did they really know it was there? Sounds sketchy/
Sounds very sketchy! The emperor of Japan was a scientist and he still published papers!
Hmmm. Did you know that the first computer algorithm was written by a woman named Ada Lovelace?
Sounds like a Harry potter character lol! I am thankful to the english scientist who invented the world wide web in 1989!
So is Al Gore! LOL.
haha hilarious. That english scientist who discovered the web did it with a state-funded organization. They should be proud.
Absolutely! The first google computer at Stanford was housed in lego bricks. Not sure what that says!
Haha I would love to see that in action. Also never smoke near apple computers as it voids the warranty!
I had no idea. Thank goodness I don't smoke. I am sure that I would be the one to void it if possible. 
Haha maybe so. The russians even made a ocmputer that ran on water once. Well on that note I will say goodbye. It was lovely talking with you.
Hello, what's of interest to you?
I think libraries are a fascinating entity. An entire building of resources that can be borrowed for free!
Me too although the internet has kept me out of them for years.
Yeah that's true most of the information can be accessed online now. But one library in Sacramento has things like sewing machines you can borrow
Wow, that's cool.  I've only been to Sac once.  It would cool if they did that with power tools.
Hopefully more libraries will do that. Whoa yeah power tools would be sweet and a great idea. They can be very expensive to buy.
Yes, I don't use them enough to justify the expense.
Yeah and I didn't realize how many libraries there were in the US (more libraries than McDonalds) and over half the population have library cards.
Libraries are cool.  I used to frequent them.  It is one of the best things one can do for free. 
Yeah I don't use them enough either. Now computers can basically do everything and it's basically like having a library at home.
The internet and computers have taken on the role, perhaps too much.  There is something satisfying about turning pages.
Yeah I agree. In addition, the technology continues to improve every day. Transhumanists for example want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks!
Yeah, I heard that.  As long as they stick to smart people like the English scientist that invented the www. 
Yeah good point, I can't imagine how smart that guy must be!
Smarter than me!  We also don't really need weapon makers like the people that built the bomb that erased Hiroshima. 
Yes that's true. Atleast some good has come of it with the Brazilian physicist Mascarenhas making all those advances with measuring radiation levels.
I worked in the nuclear industry and radiation is scary.  A dirty explosive would be enough to paralyze a city.
Wow I can't imagine that! Have you ever been tested for radiation?
We wore a TLD badge that was tested regularly (Time Lapsed Doesmeter).  Kind of like they did to test people in 1945. 
Oh that's good. Yeah the current technology-electron spin resonance sounds pretty cool.
Yes.  Technology booms.  Nice talking to you.
You too thanks
Over and out...
Do you like to play volleyball?  I do but only really play a few times in the summer.
Hi I love volley!! I was in the team in high school
Nice!  So was I.  Miss those days.  Volleyball has been a part of the Summer Olympic games since 1964.
cool did you know kicking is legal in volley?
I actually did know that. lol
me too, what i did not know is that the women's net was 7 inches shorter in volley
Knew it. lol  I didn't know however that the best female player in the world is called Game Over.  Funny.
Oh my, what a name!! LOL.. I like when the team actually make the three touches before passing it to the other team
Nice.  lol Fedex returned a volleyball that washed up after the Japanese tsunami.  lol
Wow what a story, cool. wonder where it was found.. And it's also crazy it was not eaten by any sharks!
Right?  Both volleyball and basketball were invented at the YMCA!  Let's talk about sharks!
I learned that, if trained,  sharks can bark and that rhymes
Isn't that something?  Have you ever heard of the white shark cafe?
No. Tell me about it
It's in the middle of the pacific ocean in an area where great white sharks congregate.
I like to visit  that , from a distance!!!did you know sharks rescue sailors
I didn't know that and I wouldn't like to be the one to see if they could.  lol
I am both terrified and amazed of them , maybe I will go to the shark cafe one day!!
lol  Sharks evolved earlier than dinosaurs and trees.  Maybe that's why they know how to bark and rescue sailors?  lol It's been fun chatting!
well I love to talk about animals!!
Me too.  Have a great day!
